Sometimes  its  good  to  take  a  step  back  and  look  at  the  themes  .  Do  n't  get  too  caught  up  in  acronyms  ,  etc  .  but  remember  commonalities  in  scenarios  and  ,  most  importantly  ,  Global  Health  is  made  up  of  individuals  .  



This  course  is  very  anthropological  -  my  sense  is  that  students  interested  in  anthropology  really  liked  this  course  but  students  who  are  not  so  interested  in  that  area  find  the  course  less  interesting  .  



Take  this  class  .  It  will  change  your  life  ,  or  at  least  the  way  you  think  about  the  intersection  of  humanitarianism  ,  biology  ,  medicine  and  culture  that  makes  up  the  field  of  global  health  .  



It  's  a  very  good  course  to  take  for  Professor  ___  's  energy  and  excitement  about  the  subject  of  global  health  -  however  the  breadth  of  the  course  is  a  bit  staggering  .  



Do  ,  or  at  least  skim  ,  the  readings  !  You  'll  get  much  more  out  of  the  course  if  you  do  ,  although  if  you  do  n't  get  to  all  of  them  you  'll  still  be  fine  for  assignments  .  



I  would  absolutely  take  this  course  if  the  subject  matter  interests  you  .  I  found  it  to  be  engaging  ,  particularly  the  first  half  of  the  semester  .  



Definitely  take  the  class  .  It  's  a  very  well  done  ,  well  structured  class  with  an  awesome  lecturer  and  very  good  guest  lectures  as  well  .  



Keep  up  w  readings  as  much  as  possible  .  Remember  interesting  and  specific  parts  to  refer  to  on  later  work  .  



Hopefully  epidemiology  is  better  .  Do  n't  see  why  this  course  is  necessary  for  the  ___  certificate  .  



definitely  take  it  !  a  lot  of  readings  but  worth  it  ,  professor  biehl  is  great  !  



be  prepared  for  reading  ...  try  to  get  into  the  anthropological  mindset  



Fantastic  course  in  all  ways  .  Work  hard  and  engage  with  the  material  .  



Prioritize  the  readings  and  give  yourself  time  to  work  on  the  class  !  



TAKE  IT  TAKE  IT  TAKE  IT  .  Spend  as  much  time  as  you  can  with  ___  .  



If  you  are  very  interested  in  global  health  ,  then  go  for  it  !  



Definitely  take  this  course  .  You  wo  n't  regret  it  !  



Do  n't  take  it  unless  you  're  in  the  ___  program  ...  



Excellent  ,  best  class  I  've  taken  at  Princeton  .  



Take  it  !  It  's  worth  the  amount  of  reading  .  



Take  it  .  It  's  fun  .  



Take  it  !  

















This  course  is  not  too  challenging  technically  ,  but  it  certainly  teaches  you  to  think  in  a  different  way  .  Take  advantage  of  office  hours  on  problem  sets  and  exams  ,  especially  with  Professor  Leonard  .  He  is  very  helpful  and  understanding  .  



Great  class  that  will  especially  be  interesting  for  students  who  are  interested  in  going  on  to  law  school  .  Very  little  in  the  way  of  technical  economics  is  needed  though  a  background  is  very  helpful  .  



The  problem  sets  are  graded  in  an  absolutely  arbitrary  manner  .  They  are  also  long  and  sometimes  difficult  ,  but  the  course  material  and  Leonard  's  lectures  are  sufficiently  good  to  make  up  for  it  .  



All  the  work  is  take-home  ,  which  makes  the  readings  optional  until  the  assignments  are  given  out  .  Assignments  are  extremely  time-consuming  .  Going  to  lectures  is  absolutely  imperative  



Take  the  course  but  start  assignments  as  soon  as  they  are  posted  on  blackboard  ,  and  take  very  good  notes  (  perhaps  even  audio  record  them  to  go  back  to  later  if  you  have  questions  )  .  



Good  class  .  A  lot  of  information  but  it  is  very  interesting  .  There  is  n't  work  very  often  ,  but  when  there  is  it  a  good  amount  .  Not  extremely  difficult  work  ,  but  a  large  quantity  .  



Great  course  to  take  .  Definitely  time  consuming  ,  but  the  more  time  you  spend  discussing  the  material  with  other  students  ,  the  more  you  will  get  out  of  the  course  .  



You  need  to  go  to  lecture  ,  he  gives  all  the  answers  there  .  Take  it  if  you  do  n't  mind  no  work  most  of  the  time  ,  then  a  lot  of  the  work  some  of  the  time  .  



So  interesting  !  Influenced  me  to  change  to  being  an  econ  major  .  take  it  if  you  like  logical  (  though  not  necessarily  mathematical  )  things  



Take  it  .  Professor  Leonard  is  a  great  lecturer  .  It  is  challenging  but  not  impossible  ,  and  you  will  learn  a  lot  about  the  legal  system  .  



Start  assignments  early  and  go  to  preceptors  for  help  .  Go  to  lectures  because  all  the  important  materials  will  be  covered  in  lecture  .  



Take  it  .  It  's  quite  a  bit  of  work  ,  but  it  offers  a  great  perspective  into  efficiency  perspectives  in  relation  to  society  and  the  law  .  



A  decent  class  .  Lectures  were  fine  .  However  ,  the  assignments  were  long  ,  tedious  ,  unenlightening  ,  and  sometimes  arbitrarily  graded  .  



Make  sure  to  take  good  notes  .  Collaboration  is  not  allowed  so  be  sure  to  ask  questions  after  class  and  during  office  hours  



go  to  every  lecture  and  type  as  fast  as  you  possibly  can  or  record  lectures  so  you  do  n't  miss  anything  leonard  says  .  



Make  sure  to  give  yourself  enough  time  for  the  problem  sets  ,  take  good  notes  in  lecture  ,  and  do  the  readings  !  



Take  this  course  if  you  are  interested  in  exploring  the  legal  field  .  It  is  a  good  introductory  course  to  law  .  



Take  this  class  if  you  are  interesting  in  Law  and  Economics  ,  and  dont  mind  writing  a  bit  on  assignments  .  



Do  not  take  it  unless  you  like  doing  work  completely  alone  and  with  no  collaborations  with  others  .  



If  you  're  an  Econ  student  ,  definitely  take  at  least  one  Leonard  class  for  your  electives  .  



Take  it  .  It  's  hard  and  a  fair  amount  of  work  ,  but  it  's  really  interesting  



Take  diligent  notes  and  look  at  the  problem  set  before  going  to  lecture  .  



A  little  tougher  than  other  Leonard  courses  ,  but  still  well  worth  it  .  



Again  ,  fantastic  class  .  Ca  n't  say  much  more  .  Definitely  recommend  it  !  



Definitely  attend  lectures  !  It  is  crucial  to  you  passing  the  class  .  



Be  sure  to  go  to  lectures  ,  take  notes  ,  and  go  to  office  hours  .  



I  would  definitely  recommend  this  class  for  econ  majors  .  



The  course  is  pretty  tough  but  definitely  worthwhile  



Take  it  .  You  'll  learn  to  think  economically  .  



Go  to  lecture  ,  take  good  notes  ,  enjoy  it  !  



Great  course  ,  delivers  what  it  promises  .  



Must  take  this  course  .  



Take  this  course  .  



take  this  class  .  



Take  it  .  



TAKE  IT  







If  you  have  any  interest  in  economic  policy  making  or  general  ethics  ,  take  this  class  .  Even  if  you  do  n't  ,  if  you  want  to  take  a  perfectly  taught  and  organized  class  -  look  to  Professor  Leonard  .  



This  is  a  great  course  !  It  does  n't  take  too  much  time  ,  and  Professor  Leonard  is  an  excellent  lecturer  .  Make  sure  you  go  to  all  the  lectures  and  write  down  everything  he  says  !  



A  good  course  in  ethics  .  Builds  on  intro  micro  (  ECO  100  )  .  Good  capstone  course  in  economics  ,  as  it  draws  from  so  many  different  fields  (  micro  ,  behavioral  ,  etc  .  )  .  



If  you  are  interested  in  ethics  ,  economics  ,  or  policy  ,  this  class  is  a  must  .  It  will  introduce  you  to  an  interesting  and  systematic  way  of  seeing  things  .  



Professor  Leonard  is  a  cool  ,  laid  back  guy  .  The  course  is  interesting  and  pretty  low  stress  .  I  would  definitely  recommend  it  as  an  ECO  departmental  .  



START  EARLY  ON  THE  ___  ASSIGNMENTS  !  They  will  ALWAYS  take  three  times  as  long  as  you  think  they  will  !  And  go  to  all  the  lectures  !  !  



Take  it  or  Law  and  Economics  .  Attending  class  and  paying  close  attention  is  far  more  important  than  doing  all  the  readings  .  



Take  this  if  you  are  interested  in  the  subject  matter  and  you  are  okay  with  maybe  not  doing  that  well  for  no  reason  .  



Take  it  !  Professor  Leonard  is  a  good  lecturer  ,  and  it  's  a  lot  of  work  every  two  weeks  with  very  little  in  between  .  



Definitely  take  this  course  .  Leonard  is  a  fantastic  professor  .  Only  class  I  've  taken  and  attended  every  lecture  .  



Professor  Leonard  is  an  excellent  professor  ,  and  the  class  is  very  interesting  .  Just  be  wary  of  the  assignments  .  



Great  class  .  Assignments  are  fair  as  long  as  you  pay  attention  in  lecture  and  take  copious  notes  .  



I  would  take  this  course  -  Professor  Leonard  is  a  good  lecturer  ,  and  the  material  is  interesting  .  



The  lectures  are  really  good  -  just  go  to  them  and  take  good  notes  and  that  's  all  you  need  .  



I  would  recommend  this  course  to  an  economics  major  and  also  a  non-economics  major  .  



It  's  a  good  class  .  But  to  do  well  ,  start  the  assignments  early  .  Go  to  office  hours  .  



If  you  need  an  EM  ,  and  are  somewhat  interested  in  Econ  ,  you  might  as  well  take  it  .  



Take  this  if  you  are  looking  for  more  theoretical  economic  perspectives  .  



I  would  highly  recommend  this  course  to  anyone  interested  in  economics  .  



Take  it  ,  if  you  are  prepared  to  do  a  lot  of  work  every  2-ish  weeks  .  



Take  it  for  a  distributional  .  It  's  really  not  too  engaging  .  



Beware  of  the  subjective  grading  for  subjective  answers  .  



Good  course  to  ___  ;  does  n't  require  too  much  thinking  .  



Easy  course  for  a  ___  .  Interesting  lectures  .  



Great  class  ,  easy  ___  .  Take  it  !  



I  would  highly  recommend  it  



TAKE  IT  









A  really  great  way  to  fulfill  a  distribution  requirement  ,  or  if  you  're  at  all  interested  in  Japan  .  Professor  ___  is  a  great  lecturer  ,  and  the  paper  gives  an  opportunity  to  concentrate  on  a  specific  topic  .  



Awesome  class  ,  take  it  with  ___  and  pray  that  ___  will  be  your  preceptor  .  ___  supposedly  only  talks  about  his  books  during  his  precept  ,  and  social  contracts  are  kind  of  boring  ...  



Take  this  course  .  If  you  need  an  HA  or  just  have  extra  time  and  want  to  learn  about  Japan  ,  this  course  is  super  .  The  exams  and  papers  are  n't  hard  if  you  go  to  class  and  pay  attention  .  



Take  this  if  you  're  interested  in  Japanese  history  ,  or  Asia  in  general  .  There  are  a  lot  of  surprising  similarities  with  other  Asian  nations  .  And  Japan  is  a  fascinating  place  .  



This  pairs  well  with  interests  in  politics  ,  trans-national  history  and  History  of  American  Capitalism  .  It  's  very  transferrable  to  knowledge  of  other  areas  of  the  world  .  



Take  it  !  !  Great  way  to  get  your  non-western  req  out  of  the  way  if  you  're  in  history  ,  super  interesting  if  you  want  to  learn  more  about  Japan  or  WWII  or  Asia  .  



Great  course  .  Breaks  down  all  the  stereotypes  one  might  have  about  Japan  (  especially  as  an  American  )  and  really  dives  into  all  aspects  of  society  



A  very  interesting  and  entertaining  course  for  anyone  interested  in  East  Asia  .  Highly  ,  highly  recommended  .  



Take  this  course  ,  especially  if  you  know  nothing  about  Japan  .  Fascinating  material  ,  amazing  lectures  .  



A  good  pick  for  the  asian  requirement  in  the  HIS  department  .  I  would  not  have  taken  it  otherwise  .  



It  's  an  interesting  class  ,  but  definitely  the  most  stressful  one  out  of  my  semester  .  



If  it  's  offered  again  ,  definitely  take  it  .  Just  be  prepared  to  read  a  lot  .  



Do  the  readings  and  use  your  preceptor  as  a  resource  for  the  paper  



If  you  're  at  all  interested  in  Japanese  history  ,  take  this  course  .  



If  you  have  any  interest  in  modern  Japan  ,  take  it  .  



Definitely  take  the  course  ,  it  's  just  great  .  



Very  entertaining  lecturer  .  



Do  the  weekly  readings  .  



Do  n't  miss  the  lectures  



go  to  lecture  



























Definitely  take  this  course  .  Professor  Kruse  and  Professor  ___  are  fantastic  lecturers  and  you  will  learn  so  much  about  why  the  US  looks  the  way  it  does  today  on  political  ,  economic  ,  and  social/cultural  levels  .  



Definitely  take  this  course  .  You  really  ca  n't  ask  for  more  .  Make  sure  to  read  as  much  as  possible  ,  because  the  lectures  are  particularly  interesting  if  you  've  absorbed  the  themes  of  each  week  's  book  .  



I  would  encourage  future  students  of  this  course  to  make  an  effort  to  do  all  of  the  readings  and  attend  every  lecture  .  Each  reading  and  lecture  is  informative  ,  interesting  ,  and  beneficial  .  



Take  it  -  you  think  you  know  stuff  about  Nixon/Ford/Carter/Reagan/Bush/Clinton/Bush  years  but  you  'll  end  up  learning  a  lot  of  things  that  show  us  why  the  US  is  the  way  it  is  today  .  



Very  politically  slanted  and  opaquely  graded  .  Kruse  's  lecturing  is  not  as  good  as  his  reputation  makes  it  seem  .  Not  a  terrible  class  ,  but  there  must  be  better  ones  out  there  .  



I  would  absolutely  recommend  this  class  even  with  no  history  background  but  you  need  to  be  prepared  to  do  a  lot  of  work  and  stay  on  top  of  it  or  it  wo  n't  be  fun  or  rewarding  .  



This  class  was  absolutely  fabulous  and  I  could  n't  recommend  it  any  more  .  The  lectures  were  engaging  and  presented  a  view  on  history  that  many  today  have  yet  to  think  about  .  



All  the  lectures  are  awesome  ,  with  Kruse  and  ___  using  videos  and  songs  .  The  readings  are  unnecessary  ,  there  are  only  2  exams  and  the  questions  are  given  ahead  of  time  .  



Definitely  a  good  course  for  anyone  interested  in  the  course  work  or  someone  looking  for  an  HA  with  a  lighter  work  load  .  Lectures  are  much  more  important  than  the  readings  .  



Realize  that  this  is  a  survey  course  that  will  contain  a  lot  of  material  .  Also  note  that  the  course  is  very  biased  towards  a  liberal  interpretation  of  political  events  .  



Do  all  the  readings  ,  and  look  up  any  names/events/legislation  you  did  n't  quite  get  immediately  after  lecture  .  It  will  save  you  some  time  when  you  study  for  the  exams  .  



Take  this  if  you  want  to  learn  more  about  how  America  today  is  affected  by  its  recent  past  .  It  's  quite  eye-opening  ,  and  I  really  learnt  a  lot  !  (  also  ,  Dov  is  great  !  )  



Definitely  take  it  .  Doing  the  reading  will  really  help  you  get  more  out  of  it  ,  though  the  lectures  alone  are  awesome  and  interesting  .  It  's  stuff  we  all  should  know  .  



Do  the  readings  and  try  to  avoid  missing  lectures  .  Also  be  prepared  to  take  notes  with  pen  and  paper  and  write  huge  amounts  in  a  very  short  period  of  time  .  



If  you  've  ever  wondered  what  happened  in  the  US  after  your  high  school  history  class  ended  ,  this  will  tell  you  how  the  US  came  to  be  where  it  is  .  



Take  it  --  you  'll  learn  a  ton  ,  have  some  of  the  most  interesting  lectures  at  Princeton  .  But  do  know  that  it  's  a  large  class  and  grading  is  n't  easy  .  



Do  n't  worry  about  the  details  of  the  readings  too  much  .  Think  throughout  the  course  how  events/people  fit  into  the  larger  themes  of  the  course  .  



Take  it  if  you  are  at  all  interested  in  American  History  or  are  curious  to  learn  more  .  Lectures  are  great  and  no  work  besides  the  exams  .  



There  is  a  lot  of  reading  every  week  !  Stay  on  top  of  it  ,  as  your  precept  grade  is  important  .  The  midterm  and  final  are  straightforward  .  



This  course  was  generally  very  good  .  It  is  easy  enough  to  get  a  good  grade  ,  but  to  get  anything  out  of  it  you  have  to  put  in  the  work  .  



Kruse  and  ___  are  great  and  engaging  lecturers  .  You  have  to  go  to  lecture  to  understand  everything  --  the  reading  is  n't  enough  .  



Absolutely  take  this  class  ,  do  the  readings  ,  and  go  to  every  lecture  .  I  felt  like  I  was  going  to  watch  a  performance  every  week  .  



Kruse  and  ___  are  great  and  the  preceptors  are  helpful  ,  but  the  readings  and  precept  are  n't  super  interesting  .  



I  would  recommend  taking  any  course  with  Kruse  .  He  is  a  phenomenal  lecturer  and  the  course  is  sure  to  be  great  .  



probably  not  worth  taking  for  general  interest  ,  but  still  interesting  enough  if  looking  for  a  history  class  



I  looked  forward  to  coming  to  this  class  twice  a  week  .  If  you  like  American  history  ,  I  think  you  will  too  .  



Start  the  readings  early  in  the  week  as  they  can  be  lengthy  and  take  notes  which  will  help  for  finals  .  



Personal  favorite  course  I  've  taken  at  Princeton  so  far  .  Fantastic  lectures  ,  readings  ,  and  precepts  ,  



Take  it  -  the  past  40  years  are  already  history  ,  and  you  should  learn  how  to  analyze  it  .  



Definitely  take  this  course  .  Make  sure  to  attend  every  lecture  --  it  will  be  worth  it  !  



Take  it  .  It  is  a  fun  and  very  informative  class  ,  not  much  work  ,  and  great  preceptors  .  



If  you  're  interested  in  modern  US  history  or  the  USA  in  general  this  is  a  must  take  .  



Take  it  !  !  Great  lectures  and  interesting  readings  .  Very  important  info  to  know  too  



Make  time  to  do  the  readings  -  you  will  be  glad  when  you  're  watching  the  news  !  



Great  course  for  anyone  interested  in  the  material  or  just  looking  for  an  HA  .  



Very  interesting  class  ,  you  appreciate  it  more  if  you  take  1920-1974  first  



It  is  interesting  and  requires  a  medium  amount  of  effort  .  Worth  it  .  



Great  class  about  modern  American  history  right  up  to  the  present  .  



Take  it  with  these  professors  !  Careful  who  you  get  as  a  preceptor  .  



Take  this  class  !  It  's  fascinating  and  stuff  everyone  needs  to  know  



Definitely  attend  every  lecture  ,  there  is  no  reason  not  to  .  



Good  course  .  Lectures  are  very  important  .  Grading  is  fair  .  



Take  this  course  .  It  is  as  close  to  perfect  one  can  get  .  



Take  this  course  ,  just  know  it  entails  a  lot  of  work  .  



Amazing  professors  ,  amazing  material  ,  amazing  course  .  



I  would  definitely  recommend  this  to  other  students  !  



This  is  hands  down  my  favorite  course  at  Princeton  .  



Take  this  take  this  take  this  .  You  will  regret  not  



Take  it  .  Great  lectures  on  very  relevant  material  



I  would  definitely  recommend  taking  this  course  .  



TAKE  THIS  CLASS  !  SO  SO  GOOD  AND  VERY  INTERESTING  



Observe  the  one  miss  rule  for  history  courses  .  



One  of  my  favorite  classes  at  Princeton  .  



Take  this  course  and  put  effort  into  it  .  



Be  careful  of  your  precept  selection  .  



Definitely  take  this  -  very  interstin  



Go  to  every  lecture  they  are  worth  it  



I  would  highly  recommend  the  course  .  



Take  this  course  and  go  to  lectures  !  



Definitely  a  good  history  course  .  



Best  class  I  took  at  Princeton  



Best  two  courses  I  've  taken  .  



stay  up  on  your  reading  !  



Definitely  take  it  !  



Definitely  take  it  .  



I  loved  this  class  .  



TAKE  THE  COURSE  !  



Take  the  course  .  



Take  this  !  



Take  it  !  



Take  it  .  



Take  it  





























This  course  is  definitely  a  must-take  for  anyone  who  wants  to  understand  how  American  society  became  what  it  is  today  .  It  is  truly  amazing  to  be  able  to  see  the  parallels  between  current  events  and  this  course  's  material  .  



If  you  have  a  remote  interest  in  American  History  you  absolutely  have  to  take  this  class  .  Do  yourself  a  favor  ,  because  you  will  learn  a  ton  that  you  probably  did  n't  know  without  killing  yourself  with  work  .  



not  an  awesome  course  ...  but  not  hard  or  anything  ,  very  straightforward  .  pick  a  good  preceptor  so  that  you  actually  learn  something  and  participate  ,  which  counts  apparently  for  30  %  of  your  final  grade  ...  



Good  class  with  a  great  professor  ,  but  be  warned  that  the  grading  for  the  class  is  kind  of  random  with  its  reliance  on  the  precept  grade  and  two  exams  .  This  does  make  it  a  great  ___  class  though  .  



Without  a  doubt  take  this  class  .  Whether  you  love  American  history  or  you  need  to  fulfill  an  HA  ,  this  is  the  way  to  do  it  .  It  's  interesting  and  fun  and  Professor  Kruse  is  a  rockstar/history  god  .  



TAKE  IT  .  Interesting  material  ,  great  lecturer  ,  predictable  exams  .  Beware  though  ,  strict  no-computers  policy  for  lecture  and  some  precepts  .  GET  DOV  AS  YOUR  PRECEPTOR  .  Best  preceptor  at  Princeton  .  



This  course  has  a  good  balance  of  work  ,  the  midterm  exam  was  not  too  hard  ,  and  really  interesting  .  Professor  Kruse  is  a  great  lecturer  and  my  preceptor  was  also  extremely  knowledgable  .  



Do  most  of  the  reading  ,  but  you  can  get  away  with  avoiding  it  sometimes  .  Definitely  attend  all  precepts  ,  as  your  grade  is  partially  contingent  upon  attendance  and  participation  .  



This  course  is  focused  on  presidential  elections  and  the  ways  presidents/candidates  garnered  support  of  the  voters  .  Expect  a  liberal  bias  and  to  only  focus  on  domestic  politics  .  



This  is  a  really  great  class  for  majors  and  non-majors  if  you  are  interested  in  American  history  .  It  also  has  a  nice  combination  of  cultural  ,  political  and  economic  history  .  



Take  this  course  ,  go  to  EVERY  SINGLE  LECTURE  ,  and  try  to  do  the  reading  (  but  if  you  ca  n't  it  's  not  crucial  )  .  Make  study  groups  before  the  exams  to  cover  each  week  .  



For  a  HA  requirement  I  would  not  recommend  this  .  I  would  recommend  something  that  people  say  is  an  interesting  class  .  This  class  got  boring  towards  the  end  .  



It  's  not  a  hard  course  ,  but  it  was  basically  AP  US  history  .  If  you  took  that  ,  do  n't  take  this  again  .  The  grading  is  also  really  ridiculous  and  strict  .  



Professor  Kruse  is  great  and  he  runs  a  great  class  .  If  you  enjoyed  AP  US  in  high  school  and  want  to  go  into  more  depth  ,  this  is  the  class  for  you  .  



Absolutely  take  this  class  .  Do  most  of  the  reading  ,  go  to  the  precepts  ,  and  go  to  lectures  !  (  Kruse  is  such  a  great  lecturer  that  the  time  flies  .  )  



Take  this  class  if  you  like  American  History  or  want  to  experiment  with  history  in  general  .  It  feels  great  to  know  this  era  so  much  in  depth  .  



Do  the  readings  and  prep  for  the  exams  ahead  of  time  .  Try  tape  recording  the  lectures  as  writing  all  the  facts  can  be  difficult  .  



Great  course  taught  by  a  great  professor  (  Kruse  )  .Take  it  for  your  HA  ,  the  workload  is  not  overwhelming  and  it  's  interesting  .  



I  would  take  this  class  if  you  have  any  interest  in  US  history  ,  the  lectures  are  awesome  ,  and  you  will  learn  quite  a  bit  .  



I  would  highly  recommend  the  course  if  you  have  an  interest  in  the  material  or  are  looking  to  hear  a  great  lecturer  .  



I  would  strongly  recommend  this  course  to  anyone  who  is  interested  in  history  because  it  will  not  disappoint  .  



Take  it  .  It  's  a  great  course  with  minimal  work  if  you  pay  attention  in  lecture  and  do  some  of  the  readings  



This  is  a  great  class  ,  especially  if  you  need  an  HA  .  Very  engaging  lectures  ,  and  interesting  material  .  



Take  it  !  The  teacher  is  a  great  lecturer  ,  the  readings  are  interesting  and  the  exams  are  fair  .  Do  it  !  



I  strongly  recommend  HIS  383  and  its  sister  course  HIS  362  ,  which  will  be  running  in  the  Fall  .  



I  highly  recommend  this  course  .  Best  lectures  I  've  had  at  Princeton  and  interesting  readings  .  



Definitely  take  this  course  .  Great  lecturer  ,  great  precepts  ,  manageable  ,  and  interesting  .  



You  absolutely  have  to  take  this  class  if  it  is  offered  .  You  simply  can  not  pass  it  up  



Challenging  course  but  worth  it  .  Specifically  if  you  're  an  American  history  lover  .  



Take  this  course  ,  professor  kruse  is  awesome  and  the  topic  is  really  interesting  .  



Definitely  take  this  class  !  Do  not  miss  any  lectures  and  do  all  the  readings  .  



Take  it  .  Know  though  ,  that  laptops  are  n't  allowed  ,  in  case  that  's  a  concern  .  



Definitely  take  a  course  with  Professor  Kruse  ,  he  is  an  amazing  lecturer  !  !  



Do  all  of  the  readings  and  go  to  lecture  ,  as  both  are  very  stimulating  



Best  course  I  have  taken  at  Princeton  thus  far  .  Kruse  can  not  be  beat  .  



Take  it  .  It  gives  you  a  much  better  understanding  of  modern  America  .  



Take  this  course  and  any  other  course  with  Prof.  Kruse  that  you  can  .  



Take  this  course  .  Lectures  were  great  and  readings  also  ,  great  .  



TAKE  THIS  CLASS  !  !  !  And  go  to  lecture  ,  that  's  the  best  part  .  



If  you  love  American  history  ,  this  is  the  course  for  you  .  



Very  good  course  .  Be  sure  to  take  good  notes  in  lecture  .  



Good  class  to  take  to  understand  the  United  States  '  past  



very  good  course..  Dov  was  the  best  preceptor  imaginable  



Take  it  ,  and  go  to  lectures  .  They  are  the  best  part  .  



Very  interesting  class  ;  lectures  are  well  done  .  



It  's  a  great  American  history  course  !  



Take  it  if  any  interest  in  US  history  



take  it  .  you  wo  n't  regret  it  .  



Take  it  and  do  the  readings  !  



Definitely  worth  taking  .  



Keep  up  on  the  readings  .  



Highly  recommended  .  



Lots  of  reading  .  



Take  this  class  .  



Take  this  class  



Dov  is  da  man  .  



Good  course  



Take  it  !  



Take  it  .  



Take  it  











Take  this  course  !  It  is  not  a  small  amount  of  work  but  it  is  so  interesting  and  makes  you  consider  your  own  identity  and  how  you  approach  the  world  .  A  course  I  will  not  forget  quickly  .  



One  of  the  best  courses  I  've  ever  taken  at  Princeton  .  Professor  ___  is  an  amazing  lecturer  and  professor  .  An  incredible  way  to  look  at  modern  American  history  .  



If  you  're  interested  in  the  topics  ,  you  will  get  A  LOT  from  this  course  .  There  is  so  much  I  have  learned  ,  and  I  thought  I  already  knew  a  bit  about  these  topics  .  



TAKE  THIS  COURSE  it  is  FANTASTIC  .  Even  if  you  do  n't  think  you  're  interested  ,  this  stuff  is  so  relevant  to  our  lives  and  so  fascinating  .  Prof.  ___  is  amazing  .  



This  is  a  wonderful  course  .  I  had  never  studied  gender  and  sexuality  before  ,  and  this  class  gave  me  an  incredibly  fantastic  foundation  in  gender  history  .  



This  class  is  great  ,  definitely  take  it  .  If  you  keep  up  with  the  readings  and  go  to  lectures  (  which  are  all  really  interesting  )  you  will  do  fine  .  



I  would  really  recommend  taking  this  class  .  The  topic  is  so  interesting  and  important  and  Prof.  ___  is  one  of  the  best  professors  here  .  



Take  it  if  you  have  any  interest  in  gender  and  sexuality  studies  (  or  if  you  identify  with  any  of  the  marginalized  groups  studied  )  .  



Definitely  take  this  class  !  I  would  especially  encourage  men  to  take  the  class  and  not  to  be  deterred  by  the  feminist  angle  .  



one  of  my  favorite  classes  so  far  !  the  readings  and  writing  assignments  are  so  interesting  .  ___  is  an  amazing  lecturer  !  



Definitely  take  it  !  It  's  not  the  easiest  course  ,  but  it  's  the  most  interesting  one  that  I  've  taken  at  Princeton  !  



Take  it  !  Amazing  course  ,  amazing  professor  !  Fair  papers  and  examination  .  You  wo  n't  regret  it  !  



Definitely  worth  it  .  Puts  in  perspective  a  lot  of  modern  day  American  politics  and  issues  .  



I  would  highly  recommend  this  course  and  try  to  get  Alexandra  Lerner  if  she  is  precepting  .  



I  would  strongly  recommend  this  class  .  It  changed  my  perspective  on  history  altogether  .  



TAKE  THIS  COURSE  !  It  will  change  the  way  you  look  at  American  history  and  citizenship  .  



Its  an  interesting  topic  ,  but  the  lectures  are  mediocre  and  the  readings  are  dense  .  



basically  everyone  at  princeton  should  take  this  course  .  good  life  knowledge  .  



definitely  take  .  I  thought  it  a  very  engaging  course  .  



Do  the  work  and  it  will  be  a  good  experience  .  



Definitely  take  this  course  .  



Highly  recommended  .  



take  this  class  !  



TAKE  THIS  CLASS  .  



do  ittttttttt  



TAKE  THIS  !  I  learned  so  much  about  Afghanistan  and  America  's  mistakes  throughout  the  war  .  I  am  much  better  informed  about  the  Middle  East  in  general  and  have  a  much  better  understanding  of  current  event.s  







you  absolutely  MUST  take  this  course  !  I  learned  more  about  Pakistan  and  Afghanistan  than  I  would  have  ever  learned  through  reading  on  my  own  .  The  papers  can  be  a  bit  rough  ,  but  the  grading  is  fair  .  



Take  this  course  .  You  need  to  enjoy  a  class  with  Michael  Barry  before  graduating  .  He  's  so  knowledgeable  about  Afghanistan  ,  with  all  of  his  experience  in  the  country  .  You  may  regret  not  taking  it  .  



If  you  enter  with  a  strong  interest  in  Afghan  affairs  ,  this  course  might  be  very  rewarding  .  Also  ,  do  not  be  taken  aback  by  the  4  expensive  pequod  packets  -  you  do  n't  need  to  buy  them  .  



Take  this  course  if  it  is  the  last  thing  you  do  .  Professor  Barry  is  the  best  teacher  at  Princeton  .  Go  to  his  office  hours  for  the  coolest  life  stories  and  amazing  conversation  .  



Maybe  ,  if  you  are  willing  to  actually  sit  through  those  lectures  .  DEFINITELY  ,  talk  separately  with  Barry  ,  this  is  where  he  shines  .  



It  was  a  pretty  work-light  course  with  an  interesting  subject  ,  but  sitting  through  the  3  hour  lectures  was  pretty  tough  .  



I  struggle  to  sit  still  for  a  three-hour  class  ,  however  ,  if  you  are  interested  in  the  subject  material  ,  take  the  class  !  



3  hour  lectures  are  not  a  real  way  to  learn  .  But  Barry  is  very  supportive  to  any  student  expressing  interest  .  



Go  to  office  hours  to  get  to  know  Professor  Barry  because  he  is  such  an  interesting  person  to  talk  to  !  



Absolutely  take  it  if  you  have  any  interest  in  the  region  .  Michael  Barry  is  a  fantastic  professor  .  



An  interesting  class  .  Attend  all  of  the  lectures  as  they  are  extremely  interesting  and  pertinent  .  



Even  though  Barry  does  n't  check  if  you  've  done  the  reading  ,  do  it  because  it  's  fascinating  



Do  not  take  it  if  you  ca  n't  sit  through  3  hours  of  lectures  .  



Definitely  take  it  ,  just  be  prepared  to  manage  your  time  



Great  instructor  interesting  material  =  awesome  course  



If  you  only  take  one  course  at  Princeton  ,  this  is  it  .  



Just  take  the  class  --  it  's  so  worth  it  .  He  's  amazing  .  



Take  this  course  at  some  point  .  It  's  worth  it  .  



Take  the  class  ,  you  will  not  regret  it  .  



Easiest  grading  I  've  ever  seen  .  



If  you  need  an  HA  take  this  .  



Take  it  !  Barry  is  amazing  !  



pretty  light  workload  .  



Just  take  it  !  



Take  it  !  



TAKE  IT  









It  is  a  lot  of  reading  ,  but  this  course  is  very  enriching  and  gives  you  an  excellent  grasp  on  political  theory  if  you  do  all  of  the  reading  .  I  would  recommend  this  class  to  anyone  interested  in  political  theory  .  



Be  ready  for  some  tedious  lectures  that  may  be  hard  to  stay  up  in  ,  but  the  thinkers  discussed  in  this  class  are  so  amazing  that  you  may  find  some  of  the  most  intellectually  stimulating  ideas  in  this  class  .  



I  do  n't  know  ,  I  personally  did  not  find  myself  that  interested  in  political  theory  .  But  if  you  were  I  bet  you  would  find  this  a  serious  ,  demanding  ,  engaging  ,  and  stimulating  course  .  



This  is  a  good  ,  solid  course  .  The  material  is  interesting  and  that  sort  of  stuff  that  everybody  should  know  .  There  is  a  lot  of  readings  ,  but  not  a  ridiculous  amount  .  



I  would  recommend  this  if  you  're  looking  for  a  broad  overview  of  critical  political  thinkers  .  The  teacher  is  great  and  the  material  is  interesting  .  



Good  introduction  to  political  theory  ,  good  as  a  general  distribution  requirement  or  to  test  the  waters  and  how  you  feel  about  political  theory  .  



Take  this  course  if  you  have  even  a  passing  interest  in  politics  or  philosophy  .  It  is  worth  your  while  and  greatly  enhances  your  thinking  .  



Definitely  do  the  readings  !  You  really  wo  n't  understand  what  's  going  on  otherwise  and  it  's  obvious  in  precept  if  you  ca  n't  contribute  .  



I  am  a  science  major  and  I  still  think  this  class  was  extremely  engaging  an  interesting  .  One  of  my  best  courses  here  !  



Take  this  course  !  It  was  very  interesting  and  made  you  defend  (  and  perhaps  change  )  your  views  on  the  world  .  



Sit  close  to  Professor  Ryan  during  lecture  .  It  's  a  lot  of  work  to  do  well  ,  but  reasonably  light  to  ___  .  



This  was  one  of  the  best  courses  I  've  taken  .  Make  sure  to  do  the  readings  carefully  and  thoroughly  .  



Only  take  if  you  're  interested  in  theory  and  have  some  background  in  European  history/politics  .  



Be  prepared  to  read  a  lot  .  But  generally  interesting  and  Ryan  is  certainly  a  character  .  



Do  all  the  readings  .  Think  about  them-  this  is  necessary  for  the  exams  and  essays  .  



Take  this  ,  especially  if  you  're  interested  in  the  theoretical  aspect  of  politics  .  



I  strongly  recommend  this  class  to  any  political  majors  .  



read  head  the  assigned  readings  -  they  are  a  lot  !  



Make  sure  you  stay  on  top  of  your  readings  



A  lot  of  work  ,  but  really  interesting  .  



Do  the  readings  .  



Take  it  .  



Do  n't  .  



























Absolutely  take  this  course  !  You  will  get  all  of  the  philosophical  background  of  many  other  intro  classes  on  the  subject  and  also  be  able  to  apply  it  to  policy  issues  in  interesting  ways  .  Plus  ,  Professor  ___  is  absolutely  fantastic  .  



An  interesting  class  ,  and  good  way  to  take  care  of  the  ___  ethics  requirement  .  However  ,  the  emphasis  for  grading  is  on  how  well  you  write  philosophy-style  papers  ,  which  can  be  difficult  with  no  prior  philosophy  experience  



This  is  a  great  course  .  It  's  challenging  but  Professor  ___  is  an  interesting  lecturer  and  my  precept  with  Michael  Lamb  was  awesome  ...  we  debated  ethical  issues  and  really  helped  you  formulate  an  informed  position  .  



Hard  to  get  a  good  grade  on  the  papers  ,  but  its  a  really  well  designed  course  (  especially  the  reading  selections  --  the  lectures  alone  wo  n't  really  prepare  you  )  .  Also  ,  super-important  for  social  science  disciplines  !  



I  would  say  that  attendance  of  lectures  and  precept  is  basically  mandatory  ,  but  as  long  as  attention  is  paid  during  those  times  ,  then  this  class  should  be  manageable  and  ,  more  importantly  ,  interesting  .  



Ethics  is  based  on  extremely  relevant  topics  in  politics  today  .  It  is  a  reading  heavy  load  ,  but  is  definitely  worth  it  .  I  recommend  it  to  anyone  who  enjoys  debates  and  morally  complicated  isues  .  



Pretty  solid  class  .  Definitely  take  if  you  're  interested  in  this  kind  of  stuff  .  I  'm  not  ecstatic  when  it  comes  to  theory  and  ethics  and  whatnot  ,  but  I  still  had  a  decent  enough  time  here  .  



I  would  definitely  recommend  taking  this  course  ,  but  would  make  sure  to  let  people  know  that  it  does  come  with  a  sizable  chunk  of  ,  at  times  ,  dense  reading  that  might  not  be  for  everyone  .  



This  is  a  really  interesting  course  .  It  is  quite  challenging  ,  as  it  involves  a  lot  of  readings  ,  and  there  's  a  paper  very  early  on  (  second  week  ,  I  think  )  ,  but  I  definitely  recommend  it  .  



Definitely  take  this  class  !  It  inspired  me  to  consider  a  Woodrow  Wilson  School  major  .  The  amount  of  work  is  reasonable  and  Professor  ___  makes  it  a  whole  lot  more  interesting  !  



Stay  on  top  of  the  readings  !  You  will  be  potentially  tested  on  all  of  the  readings  for  the  midterm  and  final  ,  so  they  're  worth  doing  !  Also  ,  they  're  usually  pretty  interesting  !  



Take  this  course  !  You  will  learn  so  much  .  Be  sure  to  do  the  readings  and  keep  a  running  list  of  key  terms  ,  thinkers  ,  and  perspectives  ,  as  it  will  help  you  come  exam  time  .  



It  's  a  philosophy  course  .  Be  prepared  to  do  a  lot  of  reading  and  to  endure  a  lot  of  BS  during  precept  .  But  the  topics  are  interesting  ,  and  ___  is  a  decent  lecturer  .  



Professor  ___  is  great  .  You  should  definitely  take  this  course  if  you  are  at  all  interested  in  ethics  and  becoming  a  well-informed  voter  on  policy  issues  .  



Take  this  course  .  It  is  not  a  Philosophy  departmental  ,  but  it  is  (  from  what  I  've  heard  and  experienced  )  the  best  philosophy  class  Princeton  has  to  offer  .  



This  class  is  very  informative  ,  and  can  actually  change  the  way  you  look  at  the  world  .  The  readings  are  onerous  ,  but  it  pays  off  come  mid-term-time  .  



No  presumed  knowledge  on  ethics  -  great  course  to  look  at  some  of  today  's  current  affairs  from  a  moral  perspective  .  Take  it  even  if  not  a  ___  major  .  



Be  prepared  for  a  large  amount  of  reading  .  It  might  not  always  be  absolutely  necessary  to  finish  the  readings  ,  but  it  is  definitely  recommendable  !  



Absolutely  take  it  even  if  you  're  not  a  ___  major  but  you  want  to  systematically  think  about  social  policy  issues  .  Really  ,  really  good  class  .  



Reading  heavy  ,  but  pay  attention  and  you  'll  be  good  .  Do  the  big  readings  for  sure  .  One  of  the  best  classes  I  've  taken  --  ___  is  great  .  



This  course  will  challenge  you  and  probably  make  you  question  your  self  ,  which  can  be  a  very  rewarding  and  intellectual  experience  !  



An  interesting  but  not  revolutionary  class  on  Politics  and  morality  .  The  two  papers  and  two  exams  were  a  fair  assessment  I  think  .  



Take  it  .  Take  it  take  it  take  it  .  If  you  care  at  all  about  social  policy  or  different  systems  of  thought  it  'll  be  worthwhile  .  



Take  this  class  !  It  is  a  lot  of  work  but  worth  the  effort  .  The  topics  are  genuinely  interesting  and  relevant  to  our  world  .  



If  you  do  n't  mind  exploring  a  variety  of  issues  instead  of  looking  more  deeply  into  a  few  ,  this  course  is  a  great  choice  !  



Some  of  the  concepts  in  this  class  may  be  difficult  to  grasp  at  first  ,  but  it  is  definitely  worth  taking  .  



Take  this  class  if  only  to  get  rid  of  an  EM  .  It  is  really  interesting  and  ___  is  an  awesome  professor  .  



take  this  class  .  it  is  really  really  fascinating  .  the  material  is  fantastic  and  professor  macedo  is  great  



Take  it  if  you  must  .  It  's  a  lot  of  work  if  you  are  just  trying  to  fulfill  an  EC  requirement  .  



Very  interesting  and  thought  provoking  .  The  debate  format  of  precept  was  very  helpful  .  



Take  it  for  personal  development  ,  or  if  you  're  very  interested  in  ethics  as  a  study  .  



Definitely  take  it  -  ___  is  a  great  lecturer  ,  and  precepts  are  super  engaging  



Take  it  !  It  's  really  accessible  ,  for  anyone  without  a  background  in  philosophy  



The  preceptors  and  professor  have  high  expectations  ,  but  it  's  a  great  class  !  



Do  all  the  readings  before  lecture  ,  and  go  to  your  preceptors  office  hours  .  



Take  it  !  Very  interesting  and  a  great  way  to  fulfill  your  EM  requirement  .  



Stop  and  drop  whatever  you  're  doing  and  take  this  course  .  It  is  da  best  .  



Definitely  take  this  class  if  youre  interested  in  the  subject  matter  .  



Good  class  to  take  whether  prereq  ,  departmental  ,  or  just  in  general  .  



Take  it  !  Great  EM  on  super  interesting  and  relevant  material  



One  of  my  favorite  classes  at  Princeton  .  ___  is  great  !  



take  it  .  science  majors  --  >  it  's  worth  it  .  easy  pdf  too  



Take  this  course  ,  but  be  prepared  for  a  lot  of  work  !  



Take  it  but  pay  attention  in  lecture  really  well  .  



Take  it  ,  either  for  fun  or  a  requirement  .  



I  would  recommend  taking  this  course  .  



Yes  ,  explores  interesting  topics  .  



A  good  ,  interesting  course  .  



Definitely  take  this  class  



Take  it  only  if  interested  



Eh  ,  it  's  a  requirement  .  



If  offered  ,  take  it  .  



Good  class  to  take  !  



take  it  !  







Professor  ___  organization  of  this  course  was  excellent  .  His  lectures  were  always  well  prepared  and  well  organized  and  they  were  extremely  useful  in  helping  me  understand  the  information  in  the  readings  and  the  overall  important  concepts  for  the  course  .  







This  class  was  very  good  ...  I  recommend  getting  a  tape  recorder  for  lectures  where  Professor  ___  speaks  particularly  quickly  and  taking  the  time  to  read  everything  and  take  notes  on  it  !  



If  you  are  interested  in  taking  a  politics  course  ,  International  Relations  might  be  less  abstract  and  a  more  appropriate  choice  ,  especially  if  you  are  a  freshman  .  



I  would  recommend  this  course  as  a  distribution  requirement  to  people  who  are  interested  in  the  course  because  there  is  not  a  lot  of  work  on  a  day  to  day  basis  .  



Take  this  class  if  you  're  interested  in  the  subject  material  ,  it  's  not  one  to  blow  off  ,  but  it  's  really  interesting  and  ___  's  lectures  are  great  !  



Definitely  take  this  course  .  It  was  interesting  and  did  n't  require  an  obscene  amount  of  work  .  It  should  fit  into  people  's  schedules  very  easily  .  



This  is  a  must-take  class  .  Professor  ___  is  an  outstanding  lecturer  and  the  material  is  engaging  .  You  wo  n't  be  disappointed  so  take  it  !  !  



Take  it  if  you  have  any  interest  in  IR  or  theory  -  this  course  does  a  great  job  of  showing  the  intersection  of  these  disciplines  .  



Take  this  if  you  're  interested  in  issues  of  international  justice  !  And  if  you  ca  n't  do  all  the  readings  ,  just  go  to  lecture  .  



Do  your  reading  early  and  keep  good  notes  .  Go  to  lecture  -  you  will  know  what  points  are  important  and  which  ones  are  n't  .  



I  liked  the  course  and  learned  a  lot  ,  but  there  are  probably  better  politics  classes  with  an  EM  distribution  requirement  .  



Make  sure  you  have  at  least  a  basic  knowledge  of  political  theory  ,  or  you  will  find  this  class  very  difficult  ,  as  I  did  .  



Do  it  ,  even  if  you  do  n't  do  any  of  the  readings  .  ___  has  a  lot  of  interesting  things  to  say  and  presents  it  well  .  



Everyone  with  the  slightest  interest  in  political  theory  should  take  this  class  and  get  Jim  Wilson  as  a  preceptor  !  !  !  



I  would  recommend  to  take  the  course  if  they  were  interested  in  a  thorough  analysis  of  important  current  events  .  



Its  a  good  course  ,  go  to  lecture  and  if  you  can  do  the  readings  it  will  really  help  .  ___  is  a  great  professor  .  



If  you  have  a  basic  interest  in  global  justice  ,  this  would  probably  be  an  appropriate  class  for  you  to  take  .  



This  is  a  very  good  and  interesting  course  ,  but  expect  a  large  amount  of  work  and  a  ton  of  reading  to  do  .  



I  would  highly  recommend  this  to  anyone  who  needs  a  EM  and  wants  an  interesting  and  practical  course  .  



Take  it  if  you  like  the  subject  matter  ,  an  excellent  professor  ,  great  material  ,  and  able  preceptors  .  



I  would  recommend  it  .  It  's  not  too  difficult  ,  and  it  has  lots  of  interesting  material  .  



If  you  need  to  complete  the  ethics  requirement  for  ___  ,  definitely  take  this  .  



if  you  like  political  theory  ,  this  is  a  great  class  and  you  will  be  engaged  .  



I  would  recommend  this  course  to  those  interested  in  political  philosophy  .  



As  long  as  Professor  ___  is  teaching  it  ,  you  ABSOLUTELY  should  take  it  .  



Very  challenging  political  philosophy  course  .  Do  n't  take  it  as  an  intro  .  



For  someone  who  ,  like  me  ,  does  n't  enjoy  philosophy  ,  this  is  a  good  EM  .  



Do  the  reading  ahead  of  lecture  ,  makes  everything  so  much  easier  .  



___  is  a  great  lecturer  and  the  readings  are  excellent  !  



Definitely  Definitely  take  the  course  .  ___  n't  regret  it  .  



I  strongly  recommend  this  course  .  It  is  fantastic  .  



It  's  not  a  class  to  take  lightly  .  



Great  professor  ,  hard  class  .  



Take  it  and  do  the  readings  .  



beware  of  the  philosophy  .  



its  okay  ,  not  the  best  



nice  politics  course  



Take  this  course  !  



Go  for  it  .  













Take  it  .  If  you  're  worried  that  it  will  screw  your  GPA  then  you  have  a  shallow  intellectual  curiosity  and  have  completely  misunderstood  the  point  of  attending  a  school  like  Princeton  .  



This  course  is  very  difficult  ,  but  it  is  SO  WORTH  IT  .  Take  this  course  .  Statistically  ,  you  are  unlikely  to  get  an  A  .  It  do  n't  matta  .  Take  this  course  ,  Professor  George  is  incredible  .  



If  you  do  n't  mind  the  fact  that  it  's  extremely  extremely  difficult  to  get  a  good  grade  ,  you  should  take  it  .  And  you  should  be  fully  invested  in  it  as  much  as  possible  .  



Take  this  course  if  you  have  any  interest  in  law  or  government  .  Do  as  much  of  the  reading  as  you  can  and  think  about  the  links  to  broader  judicial  philosophies  .  



It  's  the  ``  must  take  ''  at  Princeton  for  students  interested  in  law  and  rightly  so  .  You  will  grapple  with  fundamental  issues  of  interpretation  and  learn  a  lot  .  



An  excellent  course  for  anyone  interested  in  American  law  or  government  ...  extremely  informative  and  engaging  .  Lots  of  work  ,  but  all  for  a  good  reason  .  



If  you  have  any  interest  at  all  about  how  the  court  and  the  laws  shape  our  understanding  and  the  functioning  of  law  today  ,  please  take  this  class  .  



Take  this  course  if  you  have  any  interest  in  the  material  .  I  really  enjoyed  this  class  and  would  highly  recommend  it  .  



A  ton  of  work  .  Seriously  .  But  I  feel  more  accomplished  and  more  understanding  of  the  world  after  passing  this  class  .  



Hands  down  the  hardest  course  I  've  ever  taken  .  Also  the  best  course  I  've  ever  taken  .  A  must-take  before  graduation  !  



TAKE  IT  !  it  is  so  applicable  to  real-world  debates  .  you  will  be  a  more  informed  and  engaged  citizen  as  a  result  .  



This  class  is  a  lot  of  work  ,  but  great  if  you  're  interested  in  law  .  Professor  George  is  a  great  lecturer  .  



It  's  really  hard  .  I  struggled  .  But  it  was  probably  worth  it  .  Def  takes  some  investment  of  time  .  



great  course  ,  demanding  ,  but  grading  is  not  as  unfair  as  the  reputation  might  lead  you  to  believe  .  



Worth  it  if  you  're  really  interested  in  domestic/constitutional  law  .  Not  so  much  otherwise  .  



Take  this  course  !  But  do  ALL  of  the  reading  .  The  final  exam  in  tough  so  start  it  early  .  



The  work  is  worth  it  .  One  of  the  most  rewarding  courses  I  have  taken  at  Princeton  .  



Take  this  course  unless  you  are  afraid  that  you  will  do  poorly  (  You  ca  n't  PDF  )  .  



TAKE  THIS  COURSE  .  THIS  COURSE  SHOULD  BE  REQUIRED  FOR  ALL  STUDENTS  AT  PRINCETON  .  



Anyone  interested  in  American  history  or  politics  needs  to  take  this  class  .  



You  will  be  a  better  citizen  of  the  United  States  if  you  take  this  course  .  



You  've  got  to  be  willing  to  put  the  work  in  .  Take  notes  on  the  readings  !  



I  would  definitely  recommend  taking  this  course  to  all  students  .  



Definitely  worth  taking  .  Even  if  the  grades  are  a  little  tough  .  



If  you  are  interested  in  politics  this  course  is  a  must  take  .  



Do  all  the  readings  one  can  do  .  Otherwise  ,  you  'll  miss  out  .  



Be  prepared  to  allocate  most  of  your  time  to  this  course  .  



One  of  the  best  courses  that  you  will  find  at  Princeton  .  



Take  this  course  ONLY  if  you  are  serious  about  politics  .  



Take  this  class  ,  regardless  of  your  major  or  class  year  



Take  this  course  but  be  ready  to  do  horribly  in  it  !  



Do  not  graduate  without  taking  this  course  .  



Look  at  all  the  other  reviews  !  



TAKE  THIS  



Take  it  !  



Take  it  .  



















Definitely  take  ,  I  'm  not  a  pol  major  /  this  is  the  first  pol  class  I  ever  took  and  it  's  nice  because  it  's  more  empirical  and  not  super  theoretical  so  it  's  very  immediately  interesting  



Bass  is  a  great  lecturer  and  the  content  is  very  applicable  to  current  American  positions  and  issues  people  should  be  aware  of  .  Exams  are  A  LOT  of  memorization  so  be  ready  for  that  .  



good  class  for  an  introduction  to  much  of  recent  history  and  some  theories  of  IR  .  If  you  are  at  all  knowledgable  about  such  things  ,  much  of  this  course  will  be  redundant  .  



This  course  was  great  and  I  encourage  anyone  to  take  it  who  is  interested  in  international  affairs  ,  the  history  of  violence  ,  or  just  wants  to  have  a  great  class  .  



It  is  a  lot  of  reading  ,  but  the  material  is  so  interesting  and  Bass  is  such  a  great  lecturer  that  it  will  be  worth  it  .  One  of  my  favorite  courses  at  Princeton  .  



Take  it  .  The  readings  may  be  a  lot  for  one  person  ,  so  get  a  study  group  together  .  It  will  save  you  so  much  time  and  will  make  the  overall  semester  much  easier  .  



Everyone  should  take  this  class  !  It  's  a  little  more  work  but  totally  worth  it  .  Professor  Bass  is  awesome  and  each  lecture  was  awesome  .  



Take  the  course  .  There  are  no  other  courses  at  Princeton  I  know  of  that  can  teach  your  about  a  similar  subject  matter  .  



Take  it  .  Bass  is  an  amazing  lecturer  .  You  learn  a  lot  .  Just  keep  in  mind  that  it  's  more  empirical  than  theoretical  .  



Make  sure  you  keep  up  on  terms  that  are  written  on  the  board  in  beginning  of  lecture  !  



Really  depends  on  the  student  .  At  least  give  it  a  try  if  you  're  interested  .  



Go  to  every  lecture  ,  make  a  reading  group  and  keep  up  with  the  readings  



Do  the  readings  ,  but  try  to  actively  work  the  connections  withim  them  .  



Take  it  !  !  It  's  a  lot  of  work  ,  but  Bass  '  lectures  are  worth  it  .  



I  definitely  recommend  others  to  take  this  class  !  !  !  



Read  everything  and  go  to  all  lectures  



Definitely  take  this  course  !  



Must  take  this  class  !  



Take  the  class  



take  it  !  



none  









Excellent  course  .  Not  sure  I  learned  a  lot  about  war  ,  particularly  since  I  had  learned  lots  about  these  theories  in  other  classes  ,  but  the  historical  background  and  Bass  's  lectures  were  enough  to  make  this  class  worth  while  .  







I  highly  recommend  this  course  for  anyone  with  IR  interests  .  Bass  has  pretty  much  changed  the  direction  of  my  career  from  what  was  probably  going  to  be  finance  to  now  considering  a  job  in  DC  .  



Take  it  ,  attend  lecture  ,  do  the  readings  ,  and  you  will  do  well  .  Not  a  joke  class  ,  but  not  a  constant  stress  .  Totally  worth  the  work  you  need  to  put  in  .  



Take  this  course  .  It  's  one  you  will  remember  .  Bass  is  one  of  the  best  professors  I  've  ever  had  and  I  wish  I  had  had  class  with  him  before  my  senior  year  .  



Take  it  !  Gary  Bass  is  a  stud  ,  lecture  quality  is  amazing  ,  subject  material  is  excellent  and  lectures  are  at  a  convenient  afternoon  hour  .  



Great  class  but  be  prepared  to  do  a  lot  of  reading  ,  which  is  not  optional  since  precept  participation  is  a  fourth  of  your  grade  .  



If  you  have  any  interest  in  war  or  foreign  relations  ,  take  the  course  .  Or  just  take  it  because  Prof.  Bass  is  incredible  .  



Bass  is  a  boss  professor  who  owns  every  lecture  .  Get  a  study  group  to  split  up  the  huge  amount  of  readings  .  



Take  it  no  matter  your  major  ,  can  be  tough  but  worth  it  ...  Bass  's  lectures  alone  make  it  worth  it  



Go  to  lecture  ,  because  Professor  Bass  is  one  of  the  best  lecturers  I  've  had  yet  .  



Take  this  class  .  Very  interesting  ,  great  professor  and  reasonable  assignments  .  



Super  interesting  and  worthwhile  .  Great  lecturer  and  pertinent  material  .  



Take  it  !  You  'll  learn  a  lot  and  be  very  stimulated  by  the  process  .  



Prepare  to  read  a  lot  and  have  your  mind  blown  on  a  weekly  basis  .  



Shop  precepts  ,  it  changes  the  entire  experience  of  the  course  .  



TAKE  IT  !  The  course  is  exciting  and  Prof.  Bass  is  hilarious  .  



stay  up  to  date  on  your  readings  and  read  the  NY  times  !  



While  difficult  the  course  is  extremely  rewarding  .  



Absolutely  take  this  course  .  Do  all  the  readings  .  



I  wish  I  could  take  this  course  again  .  And  again  .  



Absolutely  take  this  class  .  Regardless  of  major  .  



Take  it  .  Gary  Bass  is  phenomenal  .  



Go  to  lectures  .  Gary  Bass  rocks  .  



TAKE  IT  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  !  



Definitely  take  it  !  



Take  it  take  it  



Take  it  .  



Take  it  



Do  it  !  



































Take  this  course  if  you  're  even  remotely  interested  in  abnormal  psychology  .  Comer  's  teaching  style  is  easy  to  follow  ,  but  pay  close  attention  in  lectures  because  some  of  the  stuff  he  says  is  not  in  the  book  .  





Definitely  read  the  textbook  and  keep  up  with  assigned  readings  every  week  or  it  will  come  back  to  cripple  your  grade  .  Do  n't  cram  .  And  do  n't  expect  too  much  out  of  lecture  ,  though  make  sure  you  do  go  .  



Read  the  text  book  chapter  ,  the  professor  wrote  it  so  all  the  information  you  need  is  there  .  Try  to  get  a  preceptor  who  works  in  the  field  ...  adds  a  very  interesting  element  to  the  course  !  



Definitely  take  this  course-  the  material  is  extremely  interesting  and  I  looked  forward  to  lecture  .  However  ,  make  sure  to  bring  a  laptop  to  take  notes-  Professor  Comer  talks  very  fast  .  



Try  and  do  the  readings  each  week  ...  helps  out  when  midterms  and  finals  arrive  and  you  do  n't  have  to  cram  5  chapters  in  two  days  .  Nice  distribution  requirement  .  Not  too  hard  to  pass  .  



This  class  is  like  any  other  big  lecture  .  It  is  good  and  interesting  ,  assuming  you  do  the  readings  .  The  midterm  was  fairly  difficult  but  for  a  psychology  class  I  was  pretty  good  .  



This  course  is  very  interesting  and  its  not  too  hard  to  obtain  a  good  grade  .  Just  make  sure  you  read  the  textbook  before  the  exams  and  you  should  do  great  .  Overall  ,  a  great  class  .  





Take  it  --  learn  to  psychologically  analyze  your  friends  and  family  !  Professor  Comer  is  extremely  well-informed  (  he  did  write  the  textbook  after  all  )  and  is  an  amazing  lecturer  .  



The  multiple-choice  midterms  are  rather  difficult  if  one  is  n't  used  to  recalling  specific  facts  .  Understanding  broader  ideas  and  models  is  not  enough  .  Having  a  good  memory  is  .  



Just  read  the  text  book  ,  do  n't  go  to  lecture  .  i  wasted  several  hours  going  to  lecture  and  my  friends  who  just  read  do  just  as  well  .  You  will  be  fine  if  you  read  CAREFULLY  .  



Take  the  course  !  Very  interesting  ,  easy  distribution  requirement  ,  can  do  well  without  attending  lecture  .  Memorize  everything  for  exams  !  (  50  multiple  choice  questions  )  .  



I  would  take  this  course  if  you  need  distribution  requirement  or  even  if  you  're  just  generally  interested  .  You  would  n't  normally  learn  about  these  things  elsewhere  .  



Enjoy  the  lectures  because  they  are  very  interesting  ,  and  also  do  not  be  afraid  to  participate  in  the  debates  in  precept  because  you  will  get  much  more  out  of  it  .  



Take  this  course  !  It  is  a  nice  course  to  balance  out  a  full  schedule  .  If  found  the  readings  and  lecturers  enjoyable  and  I  feel  that  I  really  did  learn  a  lot  .  



I  would  recommend  this  course  to  people  who  are  interested  in  the  subject  but  do  n't  have  time  to  commit  that  much  energy  to  classes  outside  of  their  majors  .  



I  would  recommend  this  course  to  anyone  interested  in  a  possible  career  in  medicine  or  psychology  ,  or  to  anyone  with  a  general  interest  in  mental  illness  .  



Wonderful  course  material  .  Precepts  and  their  readings  were  great  .  The  textbook  is  a  little  dense  so  I  suggest  going  to  lecture  to  see  what  he  emphasizes  



this  is  a  good  course  to  take  and  its  very  interesting  ,  just  be  prepared  to  answer  very  specific  questions  from  the  textbook  on  the  midterm  and  final  



The  course  provides  an  engaging  view  of  psychology  --  basically  what  people  would  think  ___  101  to  be  ,  except  presented  in  a  less  scientific  way  .  



This  course  does  not  require  a  large  time  commitment  .  It  is  interesting  .  Prof.  Comer  's  lectures  are  pretty  fun  ;  lots  of  short  videos  to  watch  .  



If  you  need  an  SA  ,  take  it  .  However  ,  do  n't  expect  this  to  be  the  best  class  ever  --  it  was  n't  as  engaging  as  one  would  think  it  would  be  .  



Take  it  if  you  're  interesting  in  Psych  ,  but  if  you  're  looking  for  filler  ,  I  've  learned  the  seminar  courses  are  a  safer  bet  grade-wise  .  



You  can  do  no  work  until  a  few  days  before  the  midterm  and  pass  or  do  all  the  work  and  get  an  A  .  Its  an  interesting  ,  easy  course  .  



Definitely  take  it  -  there  are  very  interesting  videos  during  lecture  to  supplement  the  material  ,  and  the  exams  are  very  fair  .  



its  really  interesting  .  tackling  an  all  multiple  choice  midterm  and  final  is  really  hard  though  ,  as  it  can  swing  either  way  



Take  it  ?  it  's  very  valuable  to  have  this  knowledge  .  Maybe  take  it  with  ___  instead  of  Comer  if  you  have  the  option  .  



Lots  of  reading  but  definitely  interesting  .  The  readings  are  essential  since  that  's  where  the  test  questions  come  from  .  



Not  only  is  this  class  quite  interesting  ,  but  it  is  not  a  terrible  amount  of  work  and  is  definitely  a  manageable  class  .  



Take  it  !  The  material  is  fascinating  ,  and  Prof  Comer  is  an  incredibly  knowledgeable  ,  engaging  ,  and  terrific  lecturer  .  



Just  ...  hope  ...  that  the  exam  questions  go  your  way  .  You  do  n't  have  as  much  control  over  your  grade  as  you  'd  expect  .  



Very  interesting  course  ,  fun  ,  and  you  will  learn  a  lot  if  you  have  n't  been  exposed  to  abnormal  psychology  before  .  



It  has  a  reputation  for  being  a  very  good  course  ,  but  I  think  that  that  's  mostly  a  holdover  from  a  few  years  ago  .  



The  course  is  so  interesting  and  not  too  much  work  .  Comer  talks  to  quickly  you  have  to  take  notes  on  a  laptop  .  



Good  ___  course  if  you  are  interested  .  Will  actually  have  to  study  for  an  A  though  as  the  exams  can  be  tricky  .  



Take  notes  as  you  read  the  book  -  it  will  guarantee  success  on  the  exams  and  make  studying  much  less  painful  .  



If  you  're  interested  in  the  subject  matter  or  are  looking  for  a  not-too-demanding  Psychology  course  ,  take  it  .  



It  's  a  good  introduction  ,  but  I  feel  like  I  have  a  very  shallow  understanding  of  abnormal  psychology  still  .  



It  's  a  really  fun  class  ,  but  make  sure  you  go  to  lecture  because  a  lot  of  exam  questions  are  based  on  that  .  



This  is  a  good  class  to  take  if  you  have  any  interest  in  psychology  -  great  professor  and  not  too  much  work  



Read  the  book  .  Lectures  are  interesting  but  not  very  helpful  .  It  's  an  easy  class  if  you  do  the  readings  .  



If  you  're  looking  for  an  easy  intro-level  class  that  's  not  painfully  boring  ,  this  should  be  your  choice  !  



Great  general  interest  class  .  Easily  passable  ,  and  if  you  work  at  it  ,  you  can  definitely  get  an  A  .  



It  's  not  very  time  consuming  .  Good  for  engineers  who  need  to  fulfill  a  humanities  requirement  .  



Fairly  easy  course  without  too  much  time  commitment  and  very  interesting  and  useful  material  .  



It  's  not  a  particularly  thrilling/interesting  class  unless  you  're  interested  in  psychology  .  



If  you  're  looking  for  an  easy  class  that  does  n't  take  up  much  of  your  time  ,  THIS  IS  NOT  IT  .  



Take  it  if  you  are  interested  in  bizarre  psychology  ,  because  you  will  definitely  get  that  .  



This  is  a  very  interesting  course  and  you  will  get  out  of  the  course  what  you  put  into  it  .  



I  really  liked  this  class  .  It  should  be  pretty  easy  for  students  to  get  at  least  a  B-  .  



It  's  hard  .  Comer  is  nice  and  will  work  with  you  .  Go  to  office  hours  .  Talk  things  out  .  



It  is  interesting  to  take  and  is  not  very  work  heavy  compared  to  other  psych  classes  .  



Take  it  if  you  are  interested  in  psychology  .  Manageable  work  load  and  good  teachers  .  



Take  this  course  if  you  have  a  general  interest  in  the  topic-  definitely  worth  it  .  



If  you  want  to  ___  a  class  that  you  never  have  to  go  to  ,  this  would  be  a  good  one  .  



It  's  a  good  course  .  The  precepts  are  a  bit  boring  but  the  material  is  interesting  .  



Take  this  class  !  It  is  fun  ,  interesting  ,  and  has  a  totally  reasonable  workload  .  



___  bother  making  notecards  for  details  because  there  are  way  too  many  of  them  .  



Stay  on  top  of  the  readings  and  this  course  is  fun  and  relatively  little  work  .  



Do  the  readings  on  time  .  It  will  save  you  a  lot  of  time  toward  semester  's  end  .  



Interesting  material  though  must  be  very  well  prepared  to  test  in  the  A  range  



Read  ALL  of  the  textbook  chapters  assigned  .  They  basically  make  up  the  test  .  



This  is  a  great  course  to  take  if  you  're  interested  in  becoming  a  ___  major  .  



If  you  're  looking  for  an  easy  and  fairly  interesting  pdf  ,  look  no  further  .  



God  .  Take  this  course  .  Please  .  At  some  point  in  your  Princeton  career  .  



The  material  is  extremely  fascinating  and  should  be  taught  to  everyone  !  



You  might  be  better  off  reading  up  on  abnormal  psychology  on  your  own  .  



Definitely  take  this  class  ,  regardless  of  what  your  concentration  is  .  



Make  sure  you  do  all  of  the  readings  and  take  good  notes  in  lecture  .  



Highly  recommended-stay  on  top  of  readings  ;  its  easy  to  fall  behind  



Reasonably  easy  intro  course  .  Good  as  a  general  interest  course  .  



This  course  is  very  interesting  and  not  very  much  work  .  Take  it  !  



It  is  not  a  lot  of  work  ,  but  do  n't  expect  very  interesting  stuff  



Choose  your  precepts  wisely  ,  it  changes  the  entire  experience  .  



make  sure  you  do  not  fall  behind  in  the  readings  and  the  work  



interesting  course  to  just  about  anybody  -  not  too  difficult  .  



Good  class  to  ___  ,  though  be  careful  of  the  curve  otherwise  .  



Really  fun  course  .  Go  to  lectures  ,  those  are  the  best  part  .  



be  aware  of  the  curve  ...  .everyone  does  so  well  on  the  exams  



Definitely  take  for  an  entertaining  and  interesting  class  .  



Definitely  take  the  class  you  will  learn  some  cool  stuff  !  



If  you  have  any  interest  in  the  subject  take  the  course  .  



Good  ___  class  ,  but  study  REALLY  hard  if  you  want  an  A  .  



Make  sure  you  read  the  textbook  and  you  'll  be  fine  .  



You  'll  probably  have  a  great  time  with  this  class  .  



Do  n't  take  it  unless  you  need  it  for  something  .  I  



If  you  're  interested  in  the  material  ,  take  it  .  



Take  it  if  you  're  in  psych  or  you  need  an  SA  .  



Easy  way  to  fulfill  distribution  requirement  



Great  ,  interesting  class  .  Highly  recommend  



Very  Easy  Course  Overall  .  Do  the  readings  .  



Very  interesting  ,  not  too  time  consuming  .  



Pretty  standard  and  interesting  class  .  



It  was  a  fun  class  .  Very  interesting  .  



go  to  lectures  ,  they  are  interesting  !  



It  's  fun  and  the  workload  is  doable  .  



A  good  course  for  an  SA  requirement  .  



Keep  up  with  the  textbook  readings  !  



Take  it  !  It  will  expand  your  world  .  



The  is  a  great  course  to  take  .  



Keep  up  with  the  readings  .  



SO  INTERESTING  !  take  it  ...  



Take  it  ,  it  's  really  good  !  



Interesting  .  It  's  ___  !  



Its  an  interesting  course  



definitely  take  it  P/D/F  



I  recommend  this  class  .  



Memorize  the  textbook  .  



Take  it  .  Take  it  now  .  



A  great  fifth  class  



absolutely  take  it  !  



Definitely  take  it  !  



Fun  ,  laidback  class  



highly  recommended  



Good  class  to  ___  



Do  the  readings  .  



___  this  class  .  



Good  for  a  ___  .  



Read  the  book  !  



Yes  ,  take  it  .  



Little  work  .  



great  class  !  



Great  course  



have  fun  !  



Take  it  !  



take  it  .  



take  it  



Do  it  .  



Sure  !  



Read  















This  class  is  a  must-take  for  anyone  interested  in  decision-making  whether  in  their  future  career  or  just  their  life  .  It  is  a  great  EC  ,  and  even  works  with  the  finance  certificate  ,  which  is  awesome  !  



I  would  recommend  this  course  to  anyone  who  is  interested  in  the  psychology  of  decision  making  .  It  helps  shed  light  on  many  of  the  paradoxical  choices  that  people  make  in  their  everyday  life  .  



If  you  want  to  learn  about  the  ways  that  human  decision-making  is  not  rational  ,  take  this  .  The  things  you  learn  might  inspire  you  to  take  more  care  of  how  you  think  and  interact  with  others  .  



An  interesting  class  that  is  very  applicable  to  our  everyday  decisions  and  judgments  .  If  you  enjoy  learning  more  about  the  mechanisms  that  dictate  our  every  day  decisions  ,  take  this  course  !  



This  is  a  great  class  .  The  only  problem  is  that  grading  is  very  ,  very  nit-picky  .  They  do  n't  seem  to  learn  for  acquisition  of  the  material  so  much  as  use  of  key  words  and  phrases  .  



This  is  a  great  introduction  to  decision  making  from  a  psychological  perspective  .  Be  aware  that  there  is  quite  a  bit  of  overlap  with  some  social  psychological  courses  ,  however  .  



If  you  're  used  to  the  hard  sciences  ,  skip  this  class  -  you  'll  find  it  frustrating  to  say  the  least  .  The  entirely  of  the  material  could  have  been  gleaned  from  a  reading  or  two  .  



Take  it  !  Policy  students  and  non-WWS  students  alike  will  learn  to  evaluate  the  social  sciences  more  critically  ,  and  fundamental  criteria  for  good  policy  design  .  



I  did  n't  like  this  class  so  much  .  Many  people  say  great  things  about  it  ,  but  as  a  psychology  major  ,  I  can  say  that  there  are  much  better  lecturers  out  there  ...  



If  you  ever  plan  to  make  a  decision  in  your  life  ,  or  hope  to  influence  someone  else  's  decision  ,  you  should  take  this  course  before  you  graduate  from  Princeton  .  



If  you  're  interested  in  the  topic  ,  by  all  means  take  the  course  .  If  you  've  already  read  a  lot  of  popular  psychology  ,  it  will  probably  get  a  little  boring  .  



SO  interesting  .  I  had  a  bad  preceptor  so  my  experienced  was  compromised  but  other  than  that  ,  most  interesting  course  I  've  taken  at  Princeton  .  



Learn  how  your  mind  works  and  how  to  make  better  decisions  --  fascinating  and  frightening  to  learn  how  flawed  human  reasoning  can  be  .  



Interesting  material  ,  but  know  there  is  a  lot  of  overlap  between  this  course  and  Introduction  to  Psych  and  Political  Psych  .  



If  you  need  an  EC  this  is  a  very  interesting  class  to  take  .  Just  beware  the  lectures  can  be  a  tad  disorganized  .  



I  think  everyone  should  take  this  class  .  It  's  a  lesson  in  humility  and  the  vulnerability  of  the  human  mind  .  



No  advice  necessary  -  if  you  are  interested  in  this  material  ,  take  it  ,  it  does  a  good  job  of  teaching  it  .  



Very  interesting  course  .  Grasp  the  essence  of  all  the  readings  and  do  well  in  every  exam/assignment  .  



This  should  be  a  requirement  for  anyone  who  wants  to  understand  how  the  world  works  .  Amazing  class  .  



Really  interesting  and  ,  in  my  opinion  ,  fun  .  Definitely  recommend  it  to  pretty  much  anybody  .  



It  's  pretty  easy  ,  and  relatively  interesting  ,  so  it  's  a  good  difficulty/interest  ratio  .  



A  good  class  .  Can  be  a  lot  of  work  but  very  interesting  .  ___  is  a  good  lecturer  .  



Very  interesting  class  ,  but  the  grading  is  absolutely  unfair  and  arbitrary  



If  you  do  n't  have  to  take  this  course  ,  I  would  not  recommend  it  .  



One  of  the  most  enjoyable  courses  I  have  taken  at  Princeton  .  



Good  class  if  you  have  n't  take  a  psychology  class  before  .  



If  you  like  psychology  ,  this  is  a  great  course  to  take  .  



TAKE  IT  !  Lots  of  real-world  applicability  .  



Definitely  take  it  !  Really  fascinating  .  



One  of  the  best  classes  I  've  taken  .  



Absolutely  this  class  is  a  must  .  



Definitely  take  it  .  No  brainer  .  



It  's  pretty  difficult  though  



really  interesting  material  



Do  n't  listen  to  the  hype  .  



Pretty  good  class  .  



Do  the  readings  .  



definitely  take  



Great  course  



Take  it  !  



Take  it  .  



-  







Definitely  take  this  course  !  It  's  interesting  and  really  applicable  to  real  life  .  Shelton  is  a  great  lecturer  so  definitely  go  to  lecture  .  Precepts  are  also  more  interesting  than  precepts  for  other  psych  courses  .  



This  class  was  a  lot  of  fun  !  While  some  of  the  findings  we  discuss  may  be  obvious  ,  it  's  a  great  class  if  you  want  to  better  understand  all  of  your  friends  and  their  relationships  !  



I  'd  take  it  ,  but  realize  that  a  lot  of  it  will  be  common  sense  supported  by  studies  .  Do  n't  go  over  the  word  limit  on  the  papers  ,  no  matter  what  the  syllabus  says  .  



If  you  're  interested  in  the  material/literature  take  this  course  .  Also  ,  not  a  bad  choice  if  you  're  looking  to  fulfill  a  requirement  but  not  have  too  much  work  .  



This  course  is  not  super  difficult  ,  but  is  interesting  and  sheds  light  onto  things  we  see  everyday  but  might  not  think  about  in  our  relationships  .  



I  loved  this  class  !  I  looked  forward  to  going  to  lecture  and  I  enjoyed  all  of  the  readings  .  I  highly  recommend  this  class  .  



Take  if  for  the  interest  ,  but  may  be  a  bit  bored  if  taken  psych  course  before  .  Highly  recommend  



it  's  enjoyable  for  the  most  part  .  some  of  the  material  was  less  interesting  to  me  than  others  



Take  it  if  you  want  a  fun  class  .  Not  to  challenging  -  and  the  grading  feels  arbitrary  .  



Fun  class  !  Shelton  is  the  best  .  Take  it  if  it  's  being  offered  and  you  can  get  a  spot  .  



Fun  ,  easy  class  !  You  learn  many  concepts  that  can  be  applied  to  your  own  love  life  .  



Definitely  take  this  course  .  It  's  a  lot  of  fun  and  very  interesting  !  



This  course  is  very  fun  and  you  learn  a  lot  .  Definitely  take  it  !  



This  class  is  so  applicable  to  life  and  incredibly  interesting  !  



Take  this  class  !  Interesting  topic  ,  great  professor  .  



Definitely  take  ,  do  the  work  ,  but  it  's  worth  it  .  



Take  it  !  It  's  not  too  much  work  and  it  's  fun  .  



This  course  is  good  ,  but  it  is  very  easy  .  



really  interesting  ,  fun  course  



This  class  is  very  fun  !  



Very  interesting  .  



Great  course  !  



Great  !  

















Take  this  course  !  But  avoid  having  Prof.  ___  as  your  preceptor  !  While  a  great  mind  ,  she  is  terrible  at  running  precept  and  generally  bad  at  communicating  with  students  .  



A  great  course  .  Professor  ___  is  an  excellent  lecturer  and  the  material  is  quite  interesting  .  It  's  also  not  that  much  work  ,  so  it  's  a  good  PDF  class  if  you  need  an  HA  .  



Pagels  is  an  amazing  lecturer  .  Take  this  class  especially  if  you  are  genuinely  interested  in  Christianity  and  have  some  previous  experience  with  religious  studies  .  



Take  this  course  !  It  's  fascinating  to  critically  analyze  the  bible  and  Christianity  by  seeing  its  formation  and  influences  over  the  centuries  .  



I  would  recommend  taking  the  course  definitely  .  I  really  enjoyed  Elaine  as  a  professor  and  would  look  into  taking  another  one  of  her  classes  .  



PAGELS  IS  THE  BEST  !  !  I  want  her  to  be  my  grandmother  ...  she  has  so  much  enthusiasm  for  the  material  .  Definitely  try  to  get  her  as  a  preceptor  



Make  sure  to  attend  lecture  even  if  you  start  to  fall  behind  on  readings  .  I  found  that  even  doing  the  reading  after  lecture  can  be  helpful  .  



It  'll  change  how  you  think  about  Christianity  ,  and  maybe  even  the  world  .  An  excellent  ,  interesting  class  for  anyone  in  any  discipline  .  



Best  HA  there  is  .  So  cool  ,  ___  '  lectures  are  phenom  ,  and  even  if  you  do  just  half  the  readings  a  week  you  can  keep  up  



This  course  can  be  spiritually  challenging  for  Christians  .  Be  sure  to  go  in  knowing  that  your  faith  may  be  shaken  some  .  



You  will  learn  about  early  Christianity  ,  mostly  because  the  readings  are  well-chosen  .  But  the  lectures  are  overrated  .  



I  would  recommend  it  if  you  want  a  good  grade  in  a  religion  class  ,  but  making  yourself  go  to  lecture  is  challenging  .  



Take  it  !  And  read  as  much  as  you  can  before  lectures  because  they  make  the  lectures  even  that  much  more  interesting  .  



Take  this  if  you  need  an  HA  .  Or  if  you  will  find  the  content  interesting  .  I  enjoyed  this  course  .  



Take  this  course  with  ___  !  Fantastic  lectures  .  Absolutely  no  drawbacks  to  taking  REL  252  .  



do  n't  buy  all  the  books  ,  its  all  online  .  only  read  articles  if  you  need  them  for  a  paper  .  



Stay  on  top  of  the  reading  !  It  's  a  great  class  but  can  be  a  lot  of  reading  sometimes  .  



It  is  good  if  you  have  enough  time  to  do  the  reading  or  know  some  things  beforehand  .  



It  's  much  more  focused  on  learning  than  grades  -  great  way  to  structure  a  class  .  



Ask  the  professor  questions  .  She  is  incredibly  intelligent  and  knowledgeable  .  



Definitely  recommend  if  you  're  interested  in  religion  or  Christianity  !  



Select  a  good  preceptor  !  And  go  the  the  lectures  --  Prof  ___  rocks  !  



I  recommend  this  course  or  any  other  course  with  Professor  ___  .  



pagels  is  great  work  is  manageable  would  certainly  recommend  it  



I  'd  say  take  it  if  you  're  interested  in  the  subject  .  



Take  it  ,  but  be  prepared  to  defend  what  you  believe  



go  to  lectures  they  're  very  good  



Take  it  .  So  interesting  



Do  n't  take  it  !  



Take  it  !  

















































For  those  interested  in  philosophy  ,  ethics  ,  and  politics  ,  I  would  recommend  this  class  .  It  provides  a  religious  perspective  to  some  classic  philosophical  and  ethical  debates  and  discusses  the  place  of  religion  in  public  dialogue  .  









You  should  definitely  take  this  class  if  you  're  a  Christian  !  I  tended  to  separate  political  views  from  religious  ,  and  this  class  really  makes  you  examine  what  you  believe  and  why  and  if  you  should  .  Very  balanced  .  





I  would  strongly  recommend  this  class  for  any  Princetonian  raised  in  the  Christian  faith  ,  and  would  still  recommend  it  for  others  who  may  be  more  secular  yet  are  simply  curious  about  the  religion  .  



There  is  a  lot  of  reading  ,  but  try  to  keep  up  as  best  you  can  .  The  course  covers  interesting  and  important  topics  worth  knowing  about  .  It  is  very  relevant  to  everyday  decisions  and  discussions  .  



Definitely  take  this  class  .  Even  if  you  are  taking  it  just  for  the  distribution  requirement  ,  put  some  effort  in  ,  because  this  class  can  help  you  become  a  more  interesting  and  better  person  .  



It  's  probably  more  work  than  you  will  expect  ,  but  it  's  definitely  worth  it  .  It  will  most  likely  transform  the  way  you  think  about  ethics  and  approach  moral  decisions  in  your  own  life  .  



Take  it  if  you  're  interested  in  Christianity  .  You  do  n't  have  to  be  Christian  though  .  Lot  of  interesting  discussion  about  hotly  contested  issues  like  abortion  ,  euthanasia  and  torture  .  



This  course  is  a  great  survey  in  well-known  Christian  ethicists  .  It  has  more  readings  than  anyone  can  reasonably  be  expected  to  do  ,  but  worth  taking  for  Professor  Gregory  's  lectures  .  



I  highly  recommend  this  class  to  anyone  interested  in  moral  issues  that  concern  our  daily  lives  .  Whether  or  not  you  are  a  Christian  ,  this  is  a  class  that  will  shape  your  thinking  !  



If  you  have  an  interest  in  Christianity  ,  take  it  !  Keep  an  open  mind  ,  be  prepared  to  be  offended  ,  and  always  aim  to  question  your  views  instead  of  accepting  them  blindly  .  



Take  it  ;  this  stuff  is  so  important  !  And  also  ,  try  to  apply  it  to  your  personal  life  -  it  makes  the  stakes  that  much  higher  ,  and  the  course  that  much  more  interesting  .  



Everybody  should  take  this  point  at  some  point  .  Professor  Gregory  is  a  great  lecturer  .  This  course  really  makes  you  think  about  the  topics  outside  of  the  classroom  .  



I  think  that  this  class  was  very  interesting  ,  and  I  would  advise  students  to  do  all  of  the  readings  because  they  were  important  for  the  papers  ,  midterm  ,  and  final  .  



This  course  is  a  must-take  for  anyone  interested  in  contemporary  ethics  ,  religious  or  not  .  The  readings  are  the  best  part  of  the  class  ,  next  to  Prof.  Gregory  .  



Take  it  !  So  interesting  .  Get  together  with  a  study  group  and  divide  up  the  readings  to  prepare  for  the  exams  though  ,  its  a  lot  of  reading  to  do  by  yourself  .  



Do  not  be  afraid  to  share  your  views  in  class  ,  and  have  a  strong  voice  in  your  essays  .  Really  put  a  lot  of  thought  into  the  issues  discussed  in  class  .  



If  you  're  interested  in  ethics  ,  take  this  class  !  It  's  really  great  .  Just  make  sure  you  keep  up  and  do  n't  procrastinate  on  readings/studying/writing  .  



I  believe  this  is  a  great  course  as  a  general  introduction  to  ethics  and  morally  or  for  those  interested  in  learning  more  about  Christian  faith  .  



Keep  up  on  the  readings  because  for  the  exams  you  need  to  have  read  probably  80-90  %  to  feel  comfortable  .  Also  ,  definitely  attend  lectures  .  



Take  it  if  you  're  interested  in  the  subject  matter  .  A  great  course  to  ___  ,  because  getting  a  good  grade  with  all  the  content  is  daunting  .  



If  you  are  wishing  to  fulfill  your  EC  requirement  ,  this  is  the  class  for  you  .  Even  if  you  are  not  Christian  ,  this  class  is  excellent  .  



If  religion  is  interesting  to  you  this  course  would  be  fun  .  If  you  are  an  atheist  the  course  will  seem  painfully  irrelevant  .  



Take  it  if  you  can  .  The  professor  is  brilliant  ;  subject  matter  intriguing  ;  and  it  fulfills  an  EM  .  What  more  do  you  want  ?  



Go  to  all  lectured  and  precepts  and  of  course  do  all  the  readings  in  order  to  do  well  on  the  assignments  and  exams  .  



Best  course  I  have  taken  at  Princeton  so  far  !  Do  the  readings  to  get  the  most  out  of  the  lectures  and  precepts  !  



I  would  say  do  the  readings  for  the  most  part  and  go  to  lectures  because  Professor  Gregory  is  a  great  lecturer  .  



There  are  a  lot  of  readings  and  you  have  to  memorize  the  key  points  of  all  of  them  ,  but  overall  ,  a  good  course  



Definitely  take  this  course  !  It  will  force  you  to  think  about  issues  critically  and  make  informed  opinions  .  



Definitely  take  the  course  .  It  is  fun  and  you  learn  so  much  about  Christianity  and  the  ethics  behind  it  .  



Take  this  course  but  try  to  keep  up  with  the  readings  or  you  may  not  have  much  to  say  during  precepts  .  



Among  the  best  classes  I  've  taken  at  Princeton  .  Take  this  class  if  you  can  ,  you  will  not  regret  it  .  



If  you  take  this  class  ,  try  to  be  in  Prof.  Gregory  's  precept  .  I  thin  it  would  have  helped  me  a  lot  .  



Everyone  says  Prof.  Gregory  is  amazing  ,  I  did  n't  think  so  .  Shop  the  class  and  decide  for  yourself  .  



If  you  want  to  be  introduced  to  modern  Christian  thought  ,  this  is  a  great  class  to  get  started  in  .  



Fun  class  .  Even  if  you  think  it  is  n't  something  you  'd  be  interested  in  ,  you  could  be  surprised  .  



Do  n't  take  it  unless  you  know  you  'll  really  love  it  .  Its  a  lot  of  work  and  hard  to  do  well  in  .  



Keep  up  with  your  reading  ,  and  do  n't  hesitate  to  participate  in  precept  meetings  !  



This  is  a  really  great  course  .  If  you  are  looking  for  an  EM  this  is  one  to  take  .  



You  should  take  it  ,  if  that  's  your  thing  .  Professor  Gregory  is  a  really  cool  guy  



Split  up  the  reading  because  there  is  a  lot  .  It  is  an  interesting  class  though  .  



Take  it  if  you  're  interested  in  ethics  and  even  if  you  're  not  a  christian  



It  's  certainly  a  good  class  ,  although  I  think  it  is  a  little  overrated  .  



Absolutely  take  it  whether  you  're  Christian  or  not  .  Totally  worth  it  .  



Definitely  take  it  !  The  reading  are  long  though  ,  so  prepare  the  time  !  



Its  awesome  !  !  Be  prepared  to  rethink  your  stances  on  a  lot  of  topics  



Be  aware  of  how  much  work  it  is  .  This  is  not  an  ``  easy  ''  class  .  



If  you  need  an  EM  ,  I  think  this  is  a  good  class  to  take  .  



do  not  take  this  merely  as  a  distribution  requirement  !  



Take  it  .  It  is  a  nice  class  with  interesting  readings  .  



Take  it  .  It  will  change  the  way  you  think  about  things  



Good  overview  of  the  different  views  of  christianity  .  



Do  the  reading  ,  if  you  can  !  It  's  really  interesting  .  



If  you  do  the  readings  ,  you  'll  probably  enjoy  it  .  



Try  not  to  take  this  class  if  you  do  n't  have  to  .  



Take  it  .  There  are  a  lot  of  readings  ,  though  .  



This  class  is  great  --  I  highly  recommend  it  !  



Not  too  bad  for  a  distribution  requirement  .  



Do  not  get  bogged  down  with  the  readings  .  



Take  it  !  Enjoy  it  ,  live  it  ,  and  love  it  .  



Be  prepared  to  write  philosophy  papers  .  



Not  very  interesting  but  is  a  decent  EM  



It  's  a  cool  way  to  fill  a  requirement  .  



Take  it  .  Do  all  the  readings  on  time  .  



if  you  like  religion  -  take  it  



Definitely  do  the  readings  .  



Take  this  class  ,  it  is  fun  .  



Keep  up  with  the  reading  .  



Write  notes  on  readings  !  



Precepts  are  super  fun  .  



Yes  .  Take  this  course  .  



Go  to  every  lecture  .  



Absolutely  take  it  .  



definitely  take  it  !  



Lots  of  readings  .  



Just  do  it  .  



take  it  !  !  



Take  it  !  



Take  it  .  



Eh  







This  course  did  not  have  a  heavy  workload  ,  but  made  you  think  .  Awesome  course  to  take  if  you  need  to  fulfill  a  requirement  or  are  just  genuinely  interested  in  religion  's  impact  on  immigration  and  society  in  general  .  





This  is  the  kind  of  course  that  requires  you  to  be  personally  engaged  in  order  to  grasp  the  most  from  it  .  Do  n't  take  this  course  if  you  do  not  plan  to  do  any  motivated  thinking  .  



Attend  lectures  ,  do  n't  worry  so  much  about  keeping  up  with  the  readings  .  Participate  a  ton  ,  even  if  you  do  n't  think  you  know  what  you  're  talking  about  .  



I  would  recommend  this  course  to  any  student  .  Professor  Fernandez-Kelly  is  not  only  an  amazing  professor  ,  but  she  is  also  an  amazing  person  .  



Do  n't  take  it  unless  you  want  to  listen  to  a  professor  who  is  obsessed  with  their  own  political  opinions  and  wants  to  press  them  on  you  .  



Do  n't  be  afraid  to  talk  with  the  professor  about  anything  .  You  may  get  a  much  longer  answer  than  you  expected  ,  but  it  will  be  worth  it  .  



I  would  recommend  it  if  you  want  a  course  that  is  not  too  taxing  work-wise  ,  but  is  also  very  interesting  in  terms  of  subject  matter  .  



You  need  to  take  a  ___  course  before  you  graduate  .  Put  in  the  effort  and  she  will  care  about  your  individual  academic  success  .  



Take  this  only  if  you  have  difficult  course  load  and  need  a  class  that  is  vaguely  interesting  but  not  too  demanding  .  



Do  the  readings  because  they  are  relevant  to  the  midterm  and  final  take  home  assignments  .  Also  attend  lecture  .  



You  will  love  this  class  and  you  will  learn  so  much  .  Get  in  ___  's  class  ,  and  attend  all  lectures  and  precepts  .  



Take  the  course  !  The  subject  matter  's  interesting  and  the  material  is  n't  too  hard  .  



Take  this  class  ;  do  the  readings  so  that  you  can  get  the  most  out  of  it  .  



If  you  are  looking  for  a  course  with  little  commitment  take  this  class  .  



OK  ...  .maybe  take  another  course  unless  you  need  to  take  this  .  



Definitely  a  good  class  to  take  -  I  would  recommend  it  .  



PFK  is  great  ,  material  is  pretty  interesting  



Lectures  are  boring  ,  but  decent  course  .  



Take  ___  classes  ,  she  's  a  great  woman  .  



Not  a  bad  course  it  is  very  engaging  .  



Do  the  readings  they  are  interesting  



I  would  recommend  taking  this  class  .  



Definitely  take  it  !  !  !  !  



take  this  class  !  



Do  the  readings  



take  the  course  



good  class  



Its  good  !  



TAKE  IT  















I  strongly  recommend  this  class  .  Professor  ___  is  a  great  lecturer  and  really  loves  sociology  .  His  lectures  and  the  guest  lectures  were  great  .  I  also  thought  that  the  covered  material  was  interesting  and  definitely  applicable  outside  of  the  class  .  







This  is  an  awesome  class  !  It  is  basically  a  sociology  survey  course  and  you  cover  a  lot  of  different  material  .  The  interviews  are  amazing  I  have  learned  so  much  by  hearing  about  all  of  the  interviewees  experiences  .  



I  highly  recommend  this  course  .  Expect  to  do  a  reasonable  amount  of  reading  ,  but  it  's  manageable  .  Also  ,  since  there  are  no  papers  or  assignments  ,  it  allows  you  to  actually  enjoy  the  content  the  class  presents  .  





This  class  is  great  fun  .  The  lectures  are  definitely  worth  going  to  ,  especially  the  guest  interviews  .  Not  a  heavy  workload  at  all  -  would  make  an  ideal  5th  class  .  



Take  this  class  !  You  get  to  listen  to  great  music  ,  go  on  a  field  trip  ,  meet  super  interesting  people  ,  and  have  consistently  awesome  lectures  by  Mitch  every  week  .  



Keep  up  with  the  readings  .  Take  note  of  which  songs  are  played  in  lecture  .  Pay  attention  to  the  interviews  .  Do  not  miss  precept  .  Enjoy  the  course  !  



Take  this  class  and  read  all  of  the  readings  cause  not  only  will  they  help  you  understand  the  concepts  better  ,  but  they  are  also  very  interesting  .  



YOU  HAVE  TO  TAKE  THIS  COURSE  !  The  workload  is  completely  manageable  and  you  'll  be  reading  about  phenomena  that  have  escaped  your  notice  until  now  .  



I  would  tell  everyone  to  take  this  course  .  They  will  be  so  excited  to  go  to  lectures  every  week  and  there  is  a  fun  field  trip  to  Atlantic  City  .  



TAKE  THIS  COURSE  !  You  will  not  regret  it  .  Do  the  ___  precept  option  if  it  's  offered  too  -  not  much  more  work  and  a  wonderful  experience  .  



Take  it  .  You  'll  understand  and  appreciate  Bruce  's  music  more  for  it  ,  and  come  away  with  a  great  beginning  understanding  of  sociology  .  



I  strongly  recommend  this  course  .  The  lectures  are  great  and  the  readings  all  easy  to  understand  and  always  interesting  .  



take  this  class  with  mitch  !  but  do  n't  expect  to  be  talking  about  bruce  the  whole  time  it  's  about  his  music  ,  not  him  .  



This  class  is  a  great  first  class  in  sociology  -  engaging  ,  not  too  difficult  ...  an  overall  pleasure  to  be  part  of  !  



definitely  take  this  class  ,  you  do  not  want  to  graduate  from  this  place  without  taking  it  !  Its  super  memorable  !  



I  would  strongly  recommend  this  course  .  It  has  been  one  of  my  favorite  classes  I  have  taken  at  Princeton  .  



Take  it  !  !  I  do  not  enjoy  sociology  in  general  but  this  has  been  one  of  my  favorite  classes  at  Princeton  .  



It  's  not  just  the  Boss  ,  this  course  uses  his  songs  as  an  entry  point  into  various  sociological  topics  .  



TAKE  THIS  COURSE  .  It  's  excellent  .  And  by  excellent  ,  I  mean  ___  !  /Bill  and  Ted  



This  class  is  truly  a  unique  experience  that  I  encourage  every  Princeton  undergrad  to  take  .  



good  intro  to  soc  .  I  assume  this  class  is  largely  responsible  for  the  uptick  in  soc  majors  



this  course  is  really  interesting  with  a  great  professor  and  not  a  lot  of  work  --  take  it  !  



You  MUST  take  this  course  .  This  is  THE  BEST  course  at  Princeton  with  THE  BEST  professor  .  



Take  this  course  !  Prof.  ___  is  great  and  the  guest  speakers  are  all  very  interesting  



Definitely  take  it  ,  whether  or  not  you  like  or  know  anything  about  Bruce  Springsteen  .  



I  would  strongly  recommend  this  class  .  It  is  interesting  and  not  very  difficult  .  



Take  it  if  you  're  interested  in  sociology  .  Some  of  the  lectures  are  fascinating  .  



It  's  not  about  Bruce  Springsteen  but  you  do  listen  to  various  songs  .  



Definitely  a  must-take  course  .  I  am  now  a  Springsteen  fan  for  life  .  



Take  it  !  Enjoy  it  !  It  was  worth  while  .  The  trip  is  pretty  cool  too  .  



As  long  as  you  go  to  lecture  ,  you  should  be  fine  in  this  class  .  



This  is  a  wonderful  course  .  I  highly  recommend  this  course  .  



This  class  was  interesting  but  not  as  good  as  I  thought  .  



If  you  can  ,  take  it  !  Professor  ___  is  excellent  !  



If  you  want  to  take  a  soc  class  ,  this  is  the  one  !  



I  would  strongly  recommend  this  class  to  others  .  



Take  this  class  !  It  's  fun  ,  not  too  much  work  .  



Take  this  course  !  It  was  my  favorite  class  



Do  n't  do  the  readings-  just  go  to  lecture  



It  is  fun  and  each  lecture  is  enjoyable  .  



One  of  my  favorite  classes  at  Princeton  !  



Too  bad  Mitch  wo  n't  be  here  next  year  



A  great  class  that  i  really  enjoyed  



Take  it  !  Lectures  are  worthwhile  



A  must-take  while  at  Princeton  .  



Fun  class  !  ___  is  the  best  .  



great  class  .  highly  recommended  



Really  interesting  course  !  



Take  this  class  !  !  !  !  !  !  



Take  this  class  .  



Take  the  class  !  



Take  this  



Take  it  !  



take  it  .  



take  it  







Definitely  take  this  class  !  Professor  Meadow  is  great  ,  lectures  are  fun  (  watch  lots  of  videos  )  ,  material  is  interesting  .  Do  not  ___  ,  because  there  are  tons  of  papers  .  Try  to  get  into  ___  's  precept  .  



Take  this  class  .  I  do  n't  think  anyone  could  regret  taking  this  course  !  It  was  amazing  ,  I  learned  so  much  ,  and  it  was  the  most  fulfilling  class  I  've  taken  at  Princeton  .  



Do  all  the  readings  carefully  !  They  are  integral  to  successfully  completing  the  writing  assignments  and  make  precepts  a  lot  more  valuable  .  



This  class  broadened  my  horizons  in  ways  I  did  n't  even  think  were  possible  .  It  's  fascinating  and  I  wholeheartedly  recommend  it  !  



TAKE  IT  NOW  .  FAVORITE  PRINCETON  COURSE  .  Expect  to  be  challenged  .  Expect  to  grow  as  a  human  being  .  



Absolutely  take  this  class  !  !  !  !  !  !  It  is  intriguing  and  will  change  your  life  .  



Take  this  !  !  !  Especially  if  you  have  no  prior  engagement  with  the  topic  .  



If  you  're  looking  for  a  lot  of  reading  on  a  fun  subject  ,  take  it  .  



Take  it  !  !  Do  the  readings  and  take  your  time  with  the  papers  .  



Start  the  readings  early  and  ask  questions  during  precept  .  



If  you  have  any  interest  it  was  a  really  fun  course  !  



Do  the  readings  .  Attend  lecture  .  It  's  all  worth  it  .  



Take  this  course  .  It  is  amazing  !  



Take  this  course  .  Please  .  



Take  this  course  !  



Do  it  duhh  



Take  it  !  !  













Take  this  class  .  Lots  of  reading  but  manageable  ,  and  ___  is  a  FANTASTIC  lecturer  .  Amazingly  interesting  and  incredibly  relevant  subject  matter  .  Try  to  get  Rachael  Ferguson  as  your  preceptor  ,  she  's  great  .  



Great  class  .  ___  is  a  great  lecturer  .  Do  not  be  discouraged  from  taking  this  class  because  you  ``  are  n't  that  interested  in  war  .  ''  Cool  parallels  between  sports  and  war  for  the  athletic  types  out  there  .  



Awesome  course  !  Professor  ___  is  fantastic  ,  and  the  readings  (  if  you  do  them  )  are  pretty  enriching  as  well  .  Would  definitely  recommend  ,  especially  if  you  are  looking  to  fill  the  HA  requirement  .  



Take  it  !  Lots  of  reading  so  maybe  ___  it  if  you  're  just  looking  for  another  class  .  But  it  's  so  interesting  .  Some  parts  are  more  relevant  than  others  .  We  did  n't  go  too  far  into  contemporary  stuff  .  



Do  the  readings  .  Really  ,  it  will  hurt  you  during  midterms  and  finals  if  you  do  n't  .  And  please  ,  start  on  Life  and  Fate  earlier  .  It  's  actually  really  hard  to  finish  this  book  .  



I  would  say  that  it  is  a  great  course  to  take  while  at  Princeton  .  It  offers  insight  to  a  topic  and  issues  that  many  people  never  consider  .  So  insightful  and  interesting  .  



TAKE  THIS  CLASS  .  The  rumors  are  true  this  is  an  AMAZING  CLASS  !  Also  not  hard  at  all  ,  very  doable  ,  this  is  for  you  engineers  who  need  a  fifth  !  



Great  course  --  heavy  on  the  readings  but  Prof  ___  always  tells  you  which  parts  are  most  important  and  VERY  REWARDING  !  



Take  this  course  !  I  think  it  has  been  my  favorite  course  at  Princeton  ,  and  I  would  definitely  recommend  it  to  anyone  !  



___  is  the  best  !  As  for  the  tests  ,  be  very  specific  in  tying  together  the  concepts  with  examples  from  the  texts  .  



I  would  highly  recommend  it  if  you  are  interested  in  war  at  all  .  A  great  supplement  to  ___  with  David  Bell  .  



Lots  of  readings  .  Find  out  what  the  format  of  the  assignments  will  be  .  ___  's  lectures  are  very  engaging  .  



I  'd  say  it  's  important  to  attend  the  lectures  or  you  will  find  yourself  in  a  hole  when  studying  for  exams  .  



Great  professor  and  really  interesting  books  !  If  you  're  looking  for  an  HA  ,  this  is  the  one  to  take  



This  was  a  great  course  ,  albeit  more  time-consuming  than  I  expected  .  But  I  enjoyed  it  nonetheless  .  



Take  it  -  I  ___  it  so  I  do  n't  really  have  a  strong  opinion  on  whether  or  not  to  take  this  .  



Take  it  if  you  are  interested  in  war  or  if  you  need  an  HA  .  Grading  is  also  very  fair  !  



The  readings  are  extremely  long  but  still  interesting  .  Probably  a  good  class  to  ___  .  



Get  ahead  on  your  reading  or  else  you  will  have  no  idea  what  is  going  on  .  



Take  if  you  want  a  straightforward  ,  easy  ,  and  somewhat  enjoyable  class  .  



___  makes  this  course  worthwhile  .  Easy  to  ___  this  class  .  



If  you  like  sociology  classes  ,  you  'll  probably  like  this  one  .  



Take  this  class  .  Especially  if  you  like  Sociology  .  



I  would  recommend  this  class  to  anyone  that  asks  .  



READ  the  readings  .  Do  n't  save  it  till  the  end  .  



good  class  .  a  lot  of  reading  but  interesting  .  



Do  your  reading  .  It  is  useful  and  helpful  .  



Attend  all  the  lectures  !  They  're  worth  it  .  



Do  the  readings  and  attend  every  lecture  .  



Definitely  take  it  !  !  Super  interesting  !  



Take  it  !  It  's  fun  and  leniently  graded  .  



Lot  of  fun  ,  lot  of  reading  ,  take  it  .  



Take  it  ,  it  's  awesome  !  



I  would  recommend  .  



take  the  course  !  !  



Take  it  !  



Take  it  .  



Do  it  !  



Do  it  







If  you  have  any  interest  in  economics  ,  and  politics  ,  ___  is  an  absolute  treat  .  She  is  one  of  the  best  lecturers  in  the  entire  department  ,  and  cares  more  than  any  other  Professor  I  know  .  



Highly  recommend  ,  and  frankly  think  it  should  be  promoted  more  than  it  is  ,  though  I  guess  it  's  always  oversubscribed  anyway  .  Definitely  the  most  practical  econ  course  I  've  taken  ,  by  far  .  



Take  this  course  !  !  !  ___  relevant  for  living  in  today  's  world  and  understanding  what  's  going  on  when  you  read  or  watch  the  news  .  ___  is  one  of  the  best  lecturers  I  've  had  here  .  



If  you  're  interested  ,  definitely  take  the  course  !  Very  relevant  to  current  issues  and  the  material  is  up-to-date  .  A  good  amount  of  reading  ,  but  it  's  interesting  and  manageable  .  



This  is  an  excellent  class  that  is  eye-opening  in  terms  of  how  economically  sound  policies  are  .  It  is  probably  more  challenging  for  people  without  economics  backgrounds  .  



Take  this  course  .  The  work  load  is  a  little  more  than  a  typical  class  ,  but  is  well  worth  it  !  !  ___  is  an  amazing  professor  you  wo  n't  regret  taking  this  course  !  



This  is  a  really  great  Econ  course  ,  particularly  for  non-Econ  majors  who  have  some  background  in  it  .  You  'll  learn  a  ton  about  various  public  policy  issues  .  



If  you  enjoy  Professor  ___  's  classes  this  one  is  excellent  .  She  uses  current  events  to  discuss  the  topics  and  this  make  the  class  even  more  interesting  .  



Definitely  take  this  course  .  ___  knows  what  she  is  talking  about  and  does  a  great  job  of  making  the  lectures  and  readings  interesting  .  



Spend  time  really  absorbing  the  material  covered  in  the  readings  .  This  is  n't  an  easy  course  ,  but  you  will  definitely  learn  alot  .  



Take  it  if  you  have  any  interest  in  economics  or  policy  .  You  'll  learn  a  lot  and  have  a  new  context  for  thinking  about  policy  .  



Definitely  take  it  !  Keep  up  with  the  readings  ,  both  because  they  're  fun  and  because  it  'll  help  you  come  exam  time  .  



If  you  like  ___  's  teaching  style  and  have  an  interest  in  public  economics  ,  then  definitely  take  this  class  !  



Take  this  course  if  you  want  to  actually  know  something  about  current  public  policy  .  



Awesome  course  .  Well  organized  ,  thoughtful  .  Lots  of  material  and  good  conversation  .  



take  it  .  just  tailor  precept  reading  to  questions  given  out  in  advance  



Take  this  course  .  You  will  be  a  smarter  student  because  of  it  .  



TAKE  IT  !  Take  good  notes  on  readings/  Economist  articles  



Best  class  at  Princeton  .  No  one  is  better  than  ___  .  



Great  course  .  Very  informative  ,  but  a  lot  of  work  .  



Interesting  subjects  and  ___  does  a  great  job  .  



If  you  're  considering  it  at  all  ,  take  it  .  



Take  it  -  really  interesting  course  !  



Take  it  .  One  of  my  favorites  .  



Do  the  reading  



Take  it  !  



Take  it  .  



n/a  













yes  i  would  highly  recommend  it  -  China  is  a  really  important  State  for  many  countries  to  better  understand  and  collaborate  with  .  This  course  really  provides  an  understanding  of  their  perspective  .  



This  course  was  very  intense  and  time  consuming  .  I  would  recommend  it  to  anyone  interested  in  the  subject  with  the  understanding  of  the  amount  of  time  needed  to  keep  up  with  the  course  .  



This  is  one  of  the  few  things  that  could  get  me  out  of  bed  and  into  lecture  at  9  am  .  ___  is  awesome  and  if  you  love  China  like  I  do  ,  you  'll  love  this  class  as  well  .  



Life  changing  .  Reading  the  papers  would  be  diff  after  this  class  .  My  experience  in  Asia  would  be  diff  after  this  class  .  This  class  really  makes  me  want  to  be  a  diplomat  .  



I  would  say  that  anybody  marginally  interested  in  East  Asia  or  China  ,  or  anybody  who  wants  to  expand  his/her  knowledge  about  international  relations  take  this  class  .  



Great  course  .  Do  the  readings  .  You  'll  learn  to  understand  China  and  its  place  in  the  world  .  Professor  Christensen  is  awesome  .  Go  to  lecture  even  if  it  is  early  .  



I  'd  highly  recommend  it  to  other  students  ,  but  I  would  warn  them  that  it  is  a  significant  workload  ,  so  they  should  only  take  it  if  they  are  really  committed  .  



Take  it  to  get  a  really  good  background  on  ___  relations  ,  and  especially  a  methodological  approach  for  understanding  how  diplomacy  works  



If  you  are  at  all  interested  in  international  relations  ,  East  Asian  studies  ,  or  history  ,  I  would  definitely  recommend  taking  this  class  .  



Take  it  if  you  're  interested  in  better  understanding  China  .  Keep  up  and  form  opinions  as  you  go  .  Learning  the  facts  is  not  enough  .  



Definitely  take  the  course  !  It  's  super  informative  and  the  professor  is  fantastic  .  You  'll  get  out  of  it  what  you  put  into  it  .  



If  you  stay  on  top  of  it  ,  it  'll  be  insanely  rewarding  .  It  's  worth  getting  up  at  9  AM  one  hundreds  time  over  for  this  class  .  



This  is  an  ideal  course  for  anyone  who  has  an  interest  in  getting  a  sense  of  where  China  is  heading  .  



Can  not  recommend  a  course  more  highly  than  this  one  .  Top  three  course  I  have  taken  at  Princeton  .  



This  is  a  great  class  to  take  if  you  are  interested  in  China  and  international  relations  .  



You  will  work  hard  ,  but  it  is  worth  it  .  Professor  Christensen  is  a  wonderful  teacher  .  



Take  it  if  you  are  interested  in  foreign  relations  during  the  cold  war  or  today  !  



Do  n't  take  this  course  unless  you  love  East  Asia  and  do  n't  mind  a  hard  clases  



Do  readings  ,  try  to  take  advantage  of  office  hours  ,  the  basic  stuff  



This  course  is  not  easy  ,  but  it  's  worth  it  .  



Excellent  course  on  a  very  important  topic  



A  lot  of  work  ,  but  definitely  worthwhile  .  



Start  reading  now  .  



Take  it  !  



Take  it  



Great  !  

