Definitely take this course and anything that Gleason teaches. His courses are interesting, relevant, and fun. They sound too fun to be true, yet they are actually interesting and thought-provoking. It's a good way to learn how to reflect on what you read, why, and the impact that material has on you and on culture more generally. He is one of the best professors I have had in my four years.

TAKE THIS COURSE. The readings are fascinating, the themes are relevant to today's culture, and Prof. Gleason is one of the most entertaining and insightful lecturers at the university. Any course that can take Fifty Shades of Grey and turn it into a genuinely thoughtful and hilarious commentary on modern sexuality and the publishing industry is worth a look.

It is a great literature course to take for both humanities and non-humanities majors. It is just all around fun without being an easy, blow-off class. You shouldn't skip/sleep through lectures anyway because they're entertaining and interesting. The texts are approachable yet we talk about them seriously and intellectually. Gleason is a wonderful professor!

The course is not a literature course. It's more of a sociology course, and its goal is not finding books of literary merit among popular success, but reading crap like 50 shades of grey. If you're an English major in order to read good literature, don't take this class. You'll despise it.

I would definitely take this course, and I highly recommend doing all the readings. Most books are fairly short, but reading Gone with the Wind in its entirety was definitely worth it. Professor Gleason is one of the most memorable professors you'll have at Princeton.

Definitely take this course; don't leave Princeton without taking a class with Professor Gleason if you are interested in English / History (at least for this course - it was pretty historical as well which was really interesting).

I think that any course that Professor Gleason teaches is worth taking, English major or not. He is a tremendously hard working professor and deserves to have the interest that his past few classes have drawn from students.

I would strongly recommend other students to take this course. My only advice would be to take the readings seriously and engage closely with the language of the texts. Close-readings are big in this course.

Learn as much about the background of the book as you can if your time is limited before you start reading it. Also, talk it over with others--you never know what gems they might have seen while reading.

Take it. It's a great course for anyone looking to learn anything about literature, American culture, or the study of English in general. Take it to experience Gleason's lectures.

Take this course!! Whether it's for general interest or for you department, it'll be a fun course for you to take and you'll get a relatively good grade if you put in enough effort.

Take it! American Bestsellers was one of my favorite classes that I have taken at Princeton. And don't skip lecture...Gleason's lectures are the best part of the course.

If you're at all interested in English, take a class with Professor Gleason. This course gives an interesting history of the development of the popular novel.

Definitely worth taking it to hear Gleason lecture, to read some classic novels of American literature, or to not do too much work if you do not want to.

Go to all of the lectures and participate in lecture. Don't worry if you can't do all of the reading. It's impossible and most people can't do it.

Take this course!, even if you are an English major and you feel like you 'should' be reading 'literature' rather than best sellers or genre work.

Take this class. Gleason is one of the best (if not the best) lecturers at Princeton, and it's not as if reading the books is a drag either.

Make sure to stay ahead with the readings, especially with the more tedious selections (*cough* Last of the Mohicans *cough*)

Take this course - you will have a great time, and actually learn some cool stuff about American bestsellers through history.

If you're a senior and you don't have a thesis to do and life to worry about, do all the reading when you're supposed to.

The perfect English class for non-English majors, but take in a semester with no other reading-intensive classes.

This class is worth taking. This material deserves our attention and there is no one better to teach it!

Every Princeton student needs to take at least one course with Prof. Gleason during their time here.

take it, even if you're not an ENG major, as this is a very interesting and widely appealing course

TAKE THIS CLASS! Also do all the readings, they are great books that you don't want to miss!

TAKE THIS COURSE! Or any course by Gleason. This one was particularly awesome, though.

Definitely take it! Professor Gleason is amazing and the books are really fun reads.

I would definitely advise students to take this class. And read all the books!

Gleason's phenomenal. Be warned -- these books actually aren't that good.

too much reading assigned and the books are bad too

Definitely take this course, you won't regret it.

Take it. Or Kiddie Lit. Anything with Gleason!!!

This is a fun course. I think you'll like it.

The readings just aren't that interesting.

Anything with Gleason is perfect.

This is a great course. Take it.

Fairly engaging course. Take it.

A good class for senior spring.

Highly recommended! Fun class!

This is a great English class.

Try to read all of the books.

Definitely worth taking.

take it if you have time

TAKE THIS COURSE!

recommend it!

TAKE IT

Definitely take this course if this time period and subject matter interests you in the slightest bit! Prof. Alsdorf is a phenomenal presenter, who structures her lectures cohesively and is very engaging. Both big assignments involve going to the museum, which should not even be considered a chore, and precept is often in the museum and involves critiquing and examining works of art. Simply put, a great class where you'll learn a lot and be excited to do so and a great eye-opener in understanding art.

DON'T DO IT. DON'T DO IT. DON'T DO IT. This course is for art history majors. I am PDFing the course, putting in as much time as I am for my other courses, and STILL running the risk of not passing. The papers and exams are graded ridiculously harshly (it's easy to get a D or worse), so just think carefully before taking this course (especially for a grade).

A joy to P/D/F A fair amount of work, with a very rewarding subject. As someone who studies primarily technical disciplines, it was a relief to come to class and enjoy wonderful art and the voice of Prof. Alsdorf. Will be a fair amount of work if you don't P/D/F and want to get an A, though.

I would strongly advise anyone to take this course. A lot of the art covered is already familiar to most people, which probably makes it a little easier for students who have never taken an Art History course before. It is a great course!

It's no walk in the park, the readings are intellectually challenging but stimulating and include a wide variety of sources. Alsdorf's lectures are structured and organized and packed full of interesting material. TAKE THIS COURSE

Make sure you leave ample time to read and digest the precept reading materials. (Textbook readings are not that important in terms of exam material). Do not skip lectures because they are informative and fun!

This course is really fascinating. I didn't know just how much I was underestimating 19th century European art until after I took this course. It is my favorite course taken at Princeton so far.

I would suggest the course for people who would like an introduction to art history as a possible major (especially if they would like to learn about paintings that have become popularized)

If you love the material, you will still like this class despite its uninspiring delivery of information and the fact that it assigns overly pedantic/time consuming readings.

Attend lectures because they're great, do you readings because you need to do well on the exam, start your papers ahead of time so that you don't have to kill yourself.

Very good course! A bit heavy as a intro-level art class, however. Highly recommended for any one interested in Art & Archeology as a concentration.

I would recommend this class to anyone. I think it is a great opportunity to learn about a fascinating and very popular period of art history.

If you like art history and know about art, definitely take it. But i think the grading is too hard for a non art history student.

Absolutely take it! The work and reading is of moderate quantity and always relevant. Engaging professor, great material.

Excellent material, great lectures and professor...Just make sure you do not get Erica DiBenedetto as a preceptor.

take notes in precept because you will want to have specific notes from the reading to refer to on the exam.

Don't take it unless you're willing to spend considerable time on the assignments. And go to lecture.

Go to the lectures. Read instead of skimming the readings because they will help with the final exam.

Interesting material and good lectures but a little too much work to justify taking it just for fun.

I LOVE PROFESSOR ALSDORF!! She makes every class feel like storytime. Do the readings for precept

Take this class if you're interested in the subject. Don't think it's an easy art class though.

Take this course only if you are an art major and be weary of the preceptors.

Do it if you are remotely interested in the art of the period.

amazing class. you learn a lot and the professor is fantastic

Great course for anyone interested in history!

YES, get Alsdorf as your preceptor

It's not just looking at slides.

Pay attention during lecture.

what a great course

Come to lecture!

do the readings!

Take it!

pdf
I would recommend this course to anyone interested in the subject matter, anyone in the department, or anyone looking for a distribution requirement who may be unsure of which course to take. This seemed like it would be enjoyable and manageable for a student in any discipline while offering those more familiar with the material or the department the opportunity to delve into the texts more deeply.

I would definitely encourage students to stay up to date with the reading. As long as you don't fall behind, lectures will be interesting and you'll be well prepared for the tests and term paper. In addition, I found that posting discussion posts early and reading other students' posts prior to precept helped me get more from the discussion.

This is an excellent course especially to fulfill a distribution requirement. The material is interesting, and there is not a lot of class time. However, there is a lot of reading that you have to keep up with. Professor Feeney is extremely knowledgeable, and I was lucky to have him as my preceptor.

The readings can sometimes be hard to initially engage in (because of antiquity), but they are enjoyable if you are curious about the material. While there is a lot of reading, the lack of writing evened it out. Come to precepts prepared with a point of view to help discussion.

Take this course. It was wonderful and a great opportunity to learn about the ancient world through mythology and literature. It is surprising how much of the information is relevant to every day life and Feeney is an excellent professor.

Please take this class; you will not regret it at all! Prof. Feeney is an amazing lecturer and the readings are not overwhelming and the whole class is so engaging that you don't even realize you're doing work!

I think mythology is something every educated person should know. This course teaches you the basics. You should read and understand the material before the lectures/precepts to get the most out of them.

This class is amazing. You learn so much about mythology, and its role in culture, history, and communication. The class load is not overwhelming and will not interfere with any of your other classes.

If you are interested in mythology this is a very interesting course. The readings are engaging and I feel like I learned a lot. The weekly ID quizzes are a bit tedious to study for though.

Great course, very interesting and not a bad setup with work. Precepts are enjoyable and you get to go into a lot of detail with the characters of these great ancient plays, which is fun.

If you like mythology, you should take this class. It's really really fun to have reading myth be your homework. If Feeney's teaching it, he's amazing, he has this wonderful British wit.

Take if you like mythology and don't mind reading a couple plays a week. The weekly quizzes are easy as pie and Feeney is an incredible lecturer. Ginny Clark as preceptor is amazing.

I would strongly recommend this course to anyone with interest in mythology. However, some people with little background in ancient literature seemed a bit lost in precepts.

Great class! Read ALL of the plays; the secondary source readings are more optional but they will really deepen to your precept discussion if you have time to get to them!

Take this course even if you have no previous knowledge. It provides a wonderful background to common-known myths that you think you already know.

This class was awesome. The amount of reading was cumbersome, but the material was very interesting, lectures and precepts were great. Take it!

Don't let it go on the backburner, or else all those missed readings and lack of effort in the class will come back to bite you

If you're hesitating about whether or not to take this class, take it. This was the best surprise I had in my academic year.

It's an interesting course, but make sure that you are familiar with the IDs on Blackboard to do well.

Take it with an open mind, not just to fulfill a distribution requirement. Do all the readings.

Take this course. It's an easy LA for engineers and it's actually incredibly interesting.

Be prepared for a decent amount of reading, but the workload is not very high otherwise.

Take this if you want to learn the wonders of Heracles and cool things like that!

When reading the materials, always try to identify the themes and significance.

The course was overall pretty good but more work than I was expecting.

I would recommend this course to anyone interested at all in Classics

I would take it- the topic is interesting, and it is taught well.

Interesting class to take as an introduction to classics.

It is well worth it if you enjoy mythology.

Go to lecture - it's fun and informative.

Take only if you have a strong interest.

GO TO LECTURE. Completely worth it.

Great course. Well worth taking!

Great class. Loved it. Take it.

If it's with Feeney take it.

Keep up with the readings.

Take this course!
This class is great, but it is definitely necessary to do the readings if you want to get the most out of it. Sometimes during the year it feels as if you can slack off...but you'll probably regret it later. This is great for a interesting new look into Roman culture.

I had no prior knowledge of Roman history and felt at no disadvantage. Professor Feldherr is an engaging lecture albeit a little disjointed in his lecture style, but the readings were great and the exams were very fair and predictable.

Get to read some great texts, guys! And watch Gladiator! (although at that time of the semester, when the JP was due, i didn't actually have time to). Still need to put effort into the final and final paper, though.

Feldherr is a great lecturer and the material is a great way for a more history-minded person to get an EM. I would recommend this class, but be careful not to get lazy with readings - it WILL show on your exams.

Keep up with the readings and especially with Shelton. Take the course! When you are taking notes in class, highlight key terms and Latin vocabulary, since it will make it easier to study for finals and midterms.

Professor Feldherr is a wonderful lecturer and makes the course really enjoyable. It's a lot of reading, but as long as you keep up it's possible to really succeed in this course. A great senior spring course.

I would recommend taking this course if you are interested in the topic, even if you know nothing about it. I had no prior knowledge of the topic and found it enlightening.

The workload wasn't bad, the material was interesting, and the exams were really fair. If you went to lectures, did the readings, and studied, you did well.

If you don't have prior experience with classics/are not sure if you'll be interested in reading classical texts, then this class might not be for you.

It's an interesting class, but the exams are a bit difficult to study for. It's a lot of information to know, and know well. Keep up on the readings.

Excellent course. I really recommend it. Professor Feldherr is one of my favorite professors. Just make sure you keep up with the reading.

Professor Feldherr is amazing. Take this course. There is a good bit of reading, but do not let that intimidate you; the work is worth it!

Prof. Feldherr is a great lecturer. You don't have to be a classics nerd to be interested in the material. Good way to fulfill an EM.

Definitely take this course if you have any interest at all. It is a great course and a great way to fulfill the EM requirement.

Good EM distribution option. My one complaint was that it was too crowded (probably because everyone knew that it was fun)

Take it! Feldherr is a very good lecturer, and the breadth of material you are exposed to is incredible and enlightening.

Good classics class to PDF. Go to lecture, they are essential to your grade and meet with your preceptor about papers

Take this class! There is a decent amount of reading, but it is interesting and Professor Feldherr is very good.

This class is a lot of reading at times but it is all very interesting and doesn't feel too much for one course.

Make sure you do the precept readings and primary readings, these are the most important readings for the exams.

Had very little prior knowledge about Rome. Feldherr is a great lecturer and the main texts are great reads.

Take this course if you have an interest in learning about Rome from a different perspective.

this is awesome to take for general interest, not just to get a requirement out of the way.

I would highly recommend this course and try to get Aaron Kachuck if you can for precept.

This class isn't what one may expect. Much harder than I imagined for a EM requirement.

Take it! Way more fun than an ethics class and you still get the EM distribution!

Great class to get rid of the EM requirement. Feldherr is an awesome lecturer.

Take it! Professor Feldherr is awesome and the class is really interesting

If you are interested in Rome at all, this is a great class.

Don't take this unless you are really interested in Rome.

one of my favorite classes at princeton - take it!

Take it! A great PDF and a very interesting EM!

Awesome course, Professor Feldherr is great!

Take it if you're interested in Classics!

I would strongly recommend this course.

Take it. Lectures are interesting.

Interesting EM course

Just do the readings

Interesting class

Great course.

Take it!

easy
Take this course - and, especially if you are interested in Classics, take it early. I regret not taking this class earlier because it provided me with a new context for Latin literature. Make sure you really spend time engaging with the primary sources, and try to see them as lively and fun (for instance, Polybius is very sassy about other historians' inadequacies). The lectures are entertaining; Professor Flower seems at first to be quiet and almost monotone, but is in fact very clever and interesting. Even if you are not interested in Classics, this is a great history class to take to understand some of the origins of Western Civilization.

ENGINEERS OVER HERE! So I took this course looking to PDF it. After the midterm, I was considering taking the class for a grade because of how easy it was. Then I got the grade back. You know that thing AB majors complain about all the time, "grade deflation"? Turns out it exists, and it sucks. Luckily, professor Flower is incredibly nice and understands when people PDF the course. If you do, as long as you finish the required work, you will not fail. It's a great course, just don't be very surprised when your "easy" course starts giving you Cs for not already having a 3 year background in Roman History

I strongly recommend this course, no matter what reason you are considering taking it. There is a lot of reading each week, but if its broken up into smaller segments and you read some each day there is no reason you can't complete each week's readings. The lectures are interesting and discuss interesting controversial points of the readings. Professor Flower is extremely nice - and funny too! She is always available for questions and it probably one of the easiest people to ask for help if necessary.

Take this course if you think there's something useful to be learned from history! If you aren't terribly familiar with Roman history, don't worry. And if you consider yourself fairly knowledgeable in Roman history, you can expect to deepen your understanding and be exposed to the details that really make for a complete picture of Republican Rome.

Take this course if at all interested in history because the teachers are great and the readings have some fantastic stories. Just be sure that on the exams, you pay more attention not to the specifics that you learned during the readings but the general trends that are talked about in lecture, as the exams almost solely focus on lecture material.

Go to lecture. Professor Flower is an excellent speaker. If you do any of the reading, read the text book because it clarifies the events very well. While the primary sources can be entertaining, some are very long and you don't need to read the whole thing to get what the author is trying to tell you.

This course is a good overview of the Roman Republic. If you have a solid foundation in this subject area, don't take this course! It can be tedious and not engaging if you know a lot of the history already. If you don't, i could see it being a great introductory course to Roman history.

Don't feel the need to read 100% of assigned readings (meaning skim, but don't skip, some of the readings)- the midterm mostly covered the lectures, and most readings are never discussed in precept. That said, they could be useful for the end of term paper.

There is no reason to hesitate taking the class--it genuinely does not assume prior knowledge of Roman history, but even those who had already been exposed to early Roman history would be greatly informed by the depth of scholarship in the course.

Take it if Prof. Flower is teaching. She is an engaging lecturer and really funny; she is what makes the class enjoyable. Careful: she lectures directly from her notes without a PowerPoint or any other visual aids except the occasional map.

If you're interested in Roman history/classics, definitely take this class because Professor Flower is just phenomenal. However, be prepared to read a lot of ancient texts and go into quite a lot of detail about historical figureheads.

A good course for general interest. It may be shocking at first to realize Flower doesn't use powerpoints or the blackboard, but her lectures (in the purest sense of the word) are very informative and can keep attention very well.

The readings are often long and a bit dull, but if you have a genuine interest in the subject matter this is a very enjoyable course. So long as you do most of the reading, it is not too difficult to do well in the class.

This is a great course to fulfill a distribution requirement if that is what you are looking for. Some of the readings are boring, but the lectures are really interesting and the work is not difficult to keep on top of.

This is a very easy course, and had the highest curve of any class I've taken. It does not take a lot of work outside of class. At bare minimum either go to lecture or do the readings, both is not necessary.

It is pretty easy and pretty interesting, the professor and preceptors are great, so if you are looking for an HA or are just interested in Rome, I can't think of a reason to not recommend the course.

Take the course if you need to get a requirement out of the way. Not a bad course and if you are interested in history, this class generally explores the broader topics regarding Rome and its fall.

If you are interested in the history of the Roman Republic, this is the course for you. I suppose it's not for everyone, but if this is a topic that interests you, you will not be disappointed.

If you want a background on the Roman Republic and need an HA, take this course. Professor Flower is engaging and precepts are informative and eye-opening. A good use of my time at Princeton.

To do the reading and broaden your ways of studying. I found some interesting YouTube videos that put an amusing spin on the Roman Republic which helped me study for my mid-term.

Good class, very knowledgeable professor and interesting material. Do your readings regularly and try to make connections between the readings from one week to the next.

Don't take it unless you are internally motivated to learn about this on your own. If you're looking for great lectures to teach you about Rome, forget about it.

Attend the lectures, because Professor Flower really gives you the need-to-know stuff out of Potter, because that reading was just dense and pretty tedious.

Anyone who is looking to learn more about the Roman Republic should take this course. For those who are interested in history, it is well worth the time.

TAKE IT! Even if you aren't that interested in ancient history, it is very worthwhile and very easy to do well if you pay attention and are involved.

Take this course! It's really awesome. Do the readings, engage, and you'll get a good grade. Awesome material that's surprisingly quite relevant.

If you take this, focus your energies on the moral outlooks of the classical authors. That is much more valuable than the textbook.

I would tell students to take this course and to do the readings, as they were very important to understanding the lecture.

Read on time, and enjoy the lectures but don't stress about extreme note taking because the lectures are based on readings.

Would've liked to see more general themes emphasized. I felt the course was very specific without enough overview.

It's a good class if you are interested in the material already. If not, probably not the best choice.

If not for love of the Roman Republic, take this course because Professor Flower is just so great!

Overall a solid course! I would definitely recommend it to those interested in Roman history.

Good course, not bad for an HA if you need to get the requirement in; alot of reading though

Stay on top of the readings and meet with your preceptor about your paper.

I would tell them just to make sure they always do the precept reading.

Break up the textbook reading or it will get really dry really fast!

Flower is a pretty good professor. It's not a very difficult class.

I would advise taking it. Interesting material and good professor.

Take this course if you are at all interested in the time period.

If you have any interest in Roman Republican history, take it.

Do the readings on time. Try to stay concentrated in lectures.

If you're interested in the subject, than it's worth taking.

The course is great, but not sure if classics is my calling.

I would reccommend the course. It was very interesting.

Would take for a relatively relaxing class.

Nothing wrong with it, if you need an HA.

Keeping up with the reading is essential

I would strongly recommend this course

Take this freshman or sophomore year.

Interesting class but not easy.

good PDF, interesting material.

Classics courses are the best!

Keep up with the reading!

Take this class!

Carpe canem!

Fun course.

The professor is very dedicated to this material and this class. Professor Zeitlin is retired and comes back to teach this class. She knows what she's talking about (although when a student disagrees with her about a book or film from the class, she doesn't allow for the student to be right.) She is sometimes erratic, but she means well. She is sometimes harsh in her words, the way a grandmother is. But the class itself is really very interesting and presents a new side to the Holocaust. The books and films were excellent and well chosen. The workload is steady throughout the semester and toward the end of the semester it gets heavier (a 15-20 page journal on all of the films we had watched at the same time as all of the other end-of-term work), but she is usually a generous grader. The professor's lack of feedback and slight disengagement with the students' opinions was sometimes off-putting and frustrating, but with patience, this class is great. If you have the time (and the patience), I would recommend this class.

I highly recommend taking this course. Professor Zeitlin is incredibly knowledgeable on the topic, will meet with you whenever you need, and is always open to suggestions as far as which books or movies should be read or shown in the class. She is not an incredibly hard grader, but she really appreciates lots of participation and class and loves it when people are as interested in the topic as she is.

Take this course if you are willing to spend at least 4 hours a week watching movie/writing film journal, and 15 to read books and write responses and mostly because it is an extremely well conducted course that ironically makes learning about children under Nazi oppression very enjoyable, you know in a weird way...

This has been one of my favorite classes at Princeton. Absolutely take it, and be prepared for an experience that is exciting and fun, but also one that will really make you think deeply about the horrors of what one human being can do to another from the unique perspective of children.

Take this class. Professor Zeitlin is an amazing professor, and the books and films she has chosen for this class are better than any other class I have taken. You are not likely to read these books or see these movies outside of this class, but they are all absolutely worthwhile.

This is really a great course. The readings and films are remarkably worthwhile - you should definitely do all the readings, if not for your own good then to be able to participate fully in discussion. I highly recommend it.

If you don't take this you're stupid. It's fantastic. HOWEVER, NOTE- LOTS OF READING. You will read all the time and you will love it. It will just be very hard.

I would definitely take this class. It's on a serious subject, but an important one, and Professor Zeitlin does an excellent job at teaching the course.

A great experience, very moving, and strongly recommended for anyone with an interest in children, eyewitness accounts, WWII, or the Holocaust.

The student should know that the course is a lot of reading, and should be prepared to invest a good amount of effort into the course.

I would absolutely recommend this course!! There is a lot of reading, but well worth the time.

It's a lot of work, but take it if you have an interest in the material.

It's a great course with a one of a kind professor, what's not to like?

Take it if the size is not too large.

Take it if it's Professor Leo, but you should probably take it anyway. Prof. Leo is an incredible lecturer and an extremely nice guy. He's always willing to help with anything or even just talk for a while. My favorite class and my favorite professor, and I'm a science major.

Definitely take this course, even if you don't think you're interested in Shakespeare particularly. Professor Leo is amazing, and his love for his subject is infectious. He's also very willing to work with students to take the class in whatever direction their interests lie.

I would advise another student considering taking this course to do so, but to take his/her time dealing with each text. He/she should understand that he/she cannot breeze through a Shakespeare play, but instead must take time engaging closely with the language.

A good way to fulfill a departmental or not. Still a great course. Shakespeare, you sometimes forget is a genius, but then you start reading and then you remember. You'll like this course if you appreciate literature.

Take this course with Professor Leo! He is great! He gives extremely interesting and enlightening lectures. He is also a very fair grader if you have him as a preceptor. The course also is not very much work.

If you are interested in Shakespeare at all, this class is wonderful. It is a lot of readings, but the lectures are exciting and enjoyable and the writing assignments allow for individual freedom and creativity.

Try to go to the acting sessions, if they're available. And certainly go to office hours both before and after to discuss your papers!

Taking the blackboard posts seriously is a really good way to get ideas for papers--that's where both of my papers came from.

If you have any interest in Shakespeare and Professor Leo is teaching it, take it! Take anything with Professor Leo!

This class was great! There was a lot of reading, so take it if you enjoy Shakespeare, but it is fantastic.

Read all of the works, and attend all of the lectures. You don't want to miss anything.

Attend the lectures -- they're amazing, and will be really helpful on the final!

I would strongly recommend this course if you have an interest in Shakespeare.

If you like studying literature, gotta take it.

If you're interested in Shakespeare, take it!

It's worth it if you love Shakespeare.

Take this course! It is so amazing.

Take it with Dolven, not Leo.

Do it.

To go through Princeton without having been exposed to Nietzsche as taught by Alexander Nehamas would truly be a loss. You'll want Nietzsche on your bookshelf for the rest of your life, given the excitement Nehamas brings to the material. Strikingly few undergraduate course are taught on ONE philosopher. Nietzsche via Nehamas is a must.

Lectures are fantastic, if led by Nehamas. Those are the main reason to take the course: do not enroll if you plan on skipping lecture. Readings are great, but in too large of quantity for how dense they are. If you want to understand what you're reading, plan on dedicating >6-8 hours a week to reading.

If you are interested in German philosophy/literary theory/morality and ethics, I would strongly recommend this course. Prof. Nehamas is really excellent; easy to talk to, and informative. You could also easily take this course as your EM with no interest in philosophy and find it captivating.

If you don't consider yourself a philosophy person, this class might be very tough. It was for me. But it was also extremely rewarding. Nehamas is a fantastic lecturer and does a great job making sense of and giving structure to sometimes difficult readings.

Take it! Every intellectually serious student of modern occidental culture should know about Nietzsche, and Alexander Nehamas is one of the greatest of his readers and advocates any such students could hope to encounter.

I would definitely recommend taking this course to anyone with an interest in Nietzsche, or philosophy in general. Professor Nehamas is an excellent scholar of Nietzsche, and his lectures were always engaging.

If you're interested in rounding out your knowledge of philosophy, you won't regret taking this course. Nietzsche needs to be taken seriously, and this class is a wonderful way to learn about his philosophy.

Would recommend only if interested in this area of philosophy or have an inclination to challenge yourself. Material is dense and not easy to get through, although varying room of interpretation is accepted.

A nice experience, though I think it would have been ever nicer if I had gotten into Nehamas' precept. Nietzsche is not everyone's cup of tea, however, so make sure you know what you are getting into.

This is an excellent course in the sense that it can be very intellectual stimulating. However, you need to put decent amount of work into class in order to get more things out of it.

This course is more a literature course than a philosophy course and Nehamas's lectures are quite boring. However if you take it, take it with Tim! Great preceptor...

If you want to learn about Nietzsche, this is clearly the way to go. It's a fine philosophy class, with a good intersection between ethics and metaphysics.

If you're looking for a great philosophy course on an important philosopher, this is a good course to take.

The course is excellent. Writing about Nietzsche is hard but reading him is very rewarding.

Take it if you have an interest in philosophy and philosophical styles of inquiry.

Take it. Read as much as you can. Try to get Professor Nehamas as your preceptor.

If you're thinking about it, you should probably just do it. It's a great class!

TAKE THIS CLASS. Nietzsche's philosophy is interesting, and Nehamas is the best.

Excellent class on Nietzsche. Analytic philosophy buffs--take, but beware.

MUST-TAKE for philosophy majors. Hearing Nehamas lecture is a privilege.

Take this course. It's been a life changing experience.

Make sure to keep up with the readings.

Definitely take this course!!!

definitely take this course

take this whoever you are

Start the essays early

You wont' regret it.

Take it!

Take it.

Everyone should read War and Peace at some point, and you might as well do it with one of the most respected Tolstoy scholars in the world! The reading load (250-300 pages per week) is a tad heavy, but it is most definitely manageable with a little planning. The overall workload was also quite reasonable: five written critiques (one page each) spaced throughout the semester, three spot quizzes (three questions each; if you did the readings, these are a breeze), and one ten-page final paper. Anna Berman was an amazing preceptor for this course, and I only hope someone with her passion for the subject matter will take be precepting next time around. All in all, TAKE THIS COURSE!!!

CE and Anna are wonderful, do the reading - it's very fun, start your final paper early - you'll have so many ideas that are brought up from the course that it's hard to narrow them down into a single essay.

Take it- this is an amazing course that takes you through the best book of all time War and Peace and the enigmatic author behind it. The second best course I have taken at Princeton.

Take this class whenever it's offered! It's a rare chance to delve into an amazingly rich literary world, but gives you total freedom to set the tone and topic of class discussion.

Take it!! There is a lot of reading involved but it was completely worth it. Best class I have had in Princeton. I highly recommend this class and any class taught by Emerson.

If you have the time available to dedicate to War and Peace and you have even the slightest interest in Tolstoy or Russian literature, take it.

It's a lot of reading, so you have to want to read a lot. If you want to read Tolstoy, this course will definitely help you understand it.

Awesome. The workload is fair, not strenuous, and you will find that you genuinely enjoy the readings and class discussions.

If you're even remotely interested in Tolstoy, or Russian literature, or literature in general, TAKE THIS COURSE.

Definitely a must take for anyone interested in Russian literature or even literature in general.

Take it i you're willing to engage with the texts seriously, it's not worth doing halfheartedly

Absolutely take if it is offered. You have to commit time to it, but it will be so rewarding.

EXCELLENT. A superb class for anyone, in any department, with any background.

Definitely take it! I would take it twice if they'd let me!

Possibly the best class I have ever taken in my life

One of the best classes I've taken at Princeton!

TAKE IT TAKE IT TAKE IT.

Take it.

TAKE IT

This is a wonderful course for anyone who's an English major and is interested in literary theory--you'll learn a lot, and it will probably change the way you think about the world and how people interact with each other within it. Non-majors, though, might find that they don't have all the right disciplinary tools to succeed with the material--they may want to proceed with caution.

A good place to do theory without getting lost due to a lack of connection to literary writers and writings. Plus a wonderful seminar leader and teacher in Diane Fuss.

Both Diana and David are amazing. As an English major this class is one of the best I've taken: it's fun, you learn a lot, and the work load is manageable.

This isn't for the faint of heart (there is quite a bit of theoretical and dense reading), but the payoffs are huge. I strongly recommend this class!

Take it. Both David Russell and Diana Fuss are amazing and this course is one of the best and most rewarding courses that I have ever had.

Take all the help that Professor Fuss and David Russell have to offer. This class is fantastic and will change the way you think.

Definitely take this course. Don't be deterred by theory and criticism. I enjoyed this class more than most in the department.

Professor Fuss is amazing. This was one of my favorite classes at Princeton. I HIGHLY recommend it.

It's highly theoretical but a really exciting topic; a close-knit, challenging and fun class.

Keep an eye out for it -- I suspect it's not likely to be offered frequently.

Definitely take this course. It's unbelievably good.

This course will change the way you think!

Take a class with Professor Fuss!

Everyone should take it!

The course material is entertaining. I mean, you get to watch FANTASTIC movies. But Prof. Fuss is neither an engaging nor insightful lectures. Her puns and attempted witticisms are painful at times, and you will feel like you are wasting your time if you actually expect insightful commentary and learning from the lectures. I recommend it as a joke class for the material and lectures, except that the graders grade very hard. It's a great class if you just want an excuse to watch the Classics.

Take this class if it's every offered again! Or take any class with Professor Fuss - she is amazing and delivers spectacular lectures. Very engaging class, and you look at American films in a new light and are able to understand how they interact with society. And not too much work either - I was never stressed about how I was doing in this class. The papers give you a lot of freedom. And watching movies every week is always fun, a nice variation to add to readings and psets!

1) TAKE IT! 2) Great films. All among the list of movies you need to see before you die (IMDB top 250, AFI top 100, etc). 3) The first couple lectures were a bit irrelevant (eg the history of Thomas Edison's film company, etc), but don't be put off. Professor Fuss will really impress you with her analyses and explanations of certain films. I really enjoyed getting up and going to lecture. 4) Papers were not all that bad and were actually enjoyable to write. 5) TAKE IT!

Do it--and take advantage of her lectures. I appreciated the movies we watched, and film in general, so much more after taking this class, and hearing everything Prof. Fuss had to say. I don't know that I would have enjoyed the class as much if I hadn't attended every single lecture anticipating what I would learn, about cultural and historical context, the film's thematic statements, and the way the selected films have impacted modern cinema.

I would definitely suggest taking this class or any with Professor Fuss. She dives deep into the subject material and often provided film clips during class to supplement her lectures. I also liked that the class was able to choose the final movie that she lectured. I will say that it is a VERY large class and you can really make it as rigorous or relaxed as you want. Take this course!

This is a great course to take! Obviously, watching movies is really easy, so the work load is low. We watched 2-3 movies a week, and there were 3 writing assignments throughout the semester. The first was 1-2 pages, the second 4-5 pages, the third 6-7 pages. My only criticism is that the quality of precepts seems rather inconsistent.

If this course is offered again, take it. It is a fantastic window into American Cinema and is effective at teaching how one should view movies. It will change how you appreciate media, and Professor Fuss is astonishingly engaging during her lectures. They are very well prepared, relevant, and thought out. Take this course!

Take the class! It's not going to be something you can just breeze through -- it's important to watch the films carefully, spend time with the essays, and go to lectures -- but it's extremely interesting and rewarding. Plus, your homework is to watch some of the best films in American history that's simply fantastic.

This is a really enjoyable course and gives you exposure to some classic American films that you might not have an excuse to watch otherwise! Additionally, it teaches you how to critically analyze films. Definitely recommend, especially for those trying to get an english requirement out of the way.

English majors and non-english majors alike, I would be comfortable taking this course if I were you. It's an amazing class to take, and the workload isn't too much, so if you have a heavy course load, you should feel comfortable taking this one as well to lighten the mood.

Definitely take it for a good LA. You get to watch 2 movies every week instead of readings or problem sets. The papers kinda suck if you don't love formal film analysis, but they aren't very long and it's a small price to pay for getting to watch movies

Take it if you like movies, but it's no joke course. Very relevant to understanding movie/pop culture. You won't get much out of it unless you watch most of the movies. Take the papers seriously and get help from your preceptor if you need it!

Definitely take it! It's a great class for an LA and it's pretty fun too. You can't pdf it (or you couldn't this semester) but it's definitely not too stressful and the workload is not too much. It's a fun class.

I highly recommend taking this course. The workload is really light, just watching movies, and it's super fun. The lectures are absolutely amazing (with Fuss), and I looked forward to going to class always.

Awesome course for filling an LA or med school requirement. You get to watch movies for homework. There's only 3 papers and they're not very long. If you're considering taking it, do so. Totally worth it.

Particularly if you haven't seen them before, the films in this class are very worthwhile. Lectures may not be as engaging as the movies themselves, but the class is worth taking for the films alone.

Professor Fuss is a great lecturer. Take the class just to hear her speak! But otherwise this is a good class if you need a fifth class to take or just have a general interest in Hollywood films.

Take it! Professor Fuss is so knowledgeable, and you will come out of the class understanding the history of American Cinema and how to write and speak about film studies in a more academic way.

I really recommend taking the course for anyone with even a slight interest in film. Professor Fuss was amazing in lectures, and especially if she is teaching the course, I strongly recommend.

This is a great last course for people who are interested in film. The lectures were not the best but the precepts were terrific and the assignments were interesting and manageable.

I really liked this course. It changed the way i approached about films and gets you thinking on a deeper level. Also, watching the movies are a great study break from other work!

Not a lot of work relative to some other classes, and very enjoyable to take. I would seriously recommend if you need the LA, have any interest, or want a good 5th class.

Make sure to meet with your preceptor before the essays, as they provided ample instruction and guidance for the assignments, and they are very willing to meet with you.

Definitely take this course!! Go to all the lectures because they are all so interesting and make you think in a different way about movies that you may already love!

I would recommend this course to anyone. It is so interesting and fun. I loved it. Diana Fuss' lectures are amazing. One of the best courses i have taken at Princeton.

It was a really fun, interesting class that changed the way I'll watch movies from now on. The assignments were very reasonable, and the lectures were great.

If you are able to take this class, you definitely should. There is not a lot of work and it is pretty interesting material especially if you like movies.

I think this is a very fun and relatively easy class. Would definitely recommend for those who don't like reading or struggle in reading heavy courses.

TAKE THIS CLASS! It was one of the most interesting classes I've taken at Princeton, and Professor Fuss is a FABULOUS lecturer. Seriously. Take it.

Go to lectures and watch the movies! Also, do the extra weekly assignments if your preceptor offers them. They aren't graded, but it's helpful.

It is non PDF able so make sure you are interested in movies and putting in effort on the papers. Either than that, it is an interesting class.

Without a doubt take it. It is a nice breather from harder classes, and aside from the papers, the homework doesn't even feel like homework.

I would recommend this course to anyone. It is a good amount of work. It isn't just watching movies, there is work, but it is interesting.

take it. If you're someone who does not enjoy english classes, there really isn't a better way to get your LA requirement out of the way.

If you haven't seen the movies and want to force yourself to, do it, but don't expect a fascinating investigation into American cinema.

Take it. All of the movies are influential to American cinema today. Plus, Professor Fuss offers hilarious analyses about the films.

It's great. The movies are long, especially during the second half of the course, but it's fascinating to learn about all of this.

Absolutely take it, and don't drop it if you're not excited by the first few films. My favorite class at Princeton so far.

It is an interesting class. Watching movies for homework is nice, but because you can't PDF it, it isn't quite as nice.

If you are interested in cinema- take it. It is very interesting. Be prepared for a wide range of movie types however

If you enjoy movies, take this course. It really gives students an opportunity develop a different style of analysis.

Take this class. Professor Fuss is awesome and the films that we watch are also great. I highly recommend this class

Take it!!! It's unlike anything else offered at Princeton, and will make you think about movies in a whole new way.

Take this class, its fun, despite three intra semester papers, and take it with friends to watch the movies with

Take it. Its interesting if you like movies and I found the grading fair and there were only a few assignments.

incredibly interesting course. opens your eyes to things which you would never notice in some classic movies.

Definitely take this course if you like watching movies and are interested in discussing films with others.

Lectures weren't fantastic, but watching movies and discussing them in detail for credit is pretty awesome.

Watch the movies before lecture (you will get so much more out of it) and enjoy thinking about the films!

Absolutely take this course. But choose a better movie at the end of the semester. Good Will Hunting!!

Great to learn more about cinematic techniques that will help you appreciate some really great movies.

At the very least, you will have seen some of the best films ever made by the end of the course.

I would take this class over again. It was fun and you can watch the movies with your friends!

Fun, not too difficult class. You watch movies and don't write that much. What's not to like?

Watch the films, even if they are long because the lectures will really give you new insight.

Take this class--good movies, interesting lectures, and pretty straight forward assignments.

Take it! It's not a ridiculous amount of work, and yet the material is incredibly engaging.

The movies and lectures are great, I strongly recommend it if you have an interest in film.

Take it! Make sure you watch the films even if you have already seen them 3 years ago etc.

If you are at all interested in movies, take it. Go to lectures and watch all the movies!

An enjoyable and interesting course. It was rather large, but the precepts were great.

If you take it, make sure you have a good preceptor, I have heard some horror stories.

take it, highly entertaining, really learn a lot about movies and american cinema

Keep up to date with the movies and talk to the preceptors about every paper

A fairly fun, light course that lets you watch a lot of really good films!

Take it take it take it. It's really interesting and It's not that hard.

Take it! A great LA for non-majors, and a fun, easier course for majors.

Take this course the movies are great and the lectures are interesting.

TAKE. THIS. COURSE. It's fantastic. One of my favorite classes by far!

Take this class if you enjoy watching movies and learning about them.

Go to office hours if you're having trouble choosing a paper topic.

I would recommend watching each movie before its allotted lecture.

If you would like to better understand movies, you should take it.

Watch the movies, or else you will get nothing out of this class.

There is not that much work and the movies are very interesting.

Watch classic movies and write a few papers. formula for success

Take this course! Just remember that it isn't a blow off class!

A little interesting, somewhat strange analysis occurs though.

Go for it, but don't expect it to be as awesome as it sounds.

One of the best classes at Princeton--definitely take it!!!

Take it! Super interesting, and unlike any other class here

Take the course. Great way to learn about American Cinema.

THIS COURSE IS AMAZING. TAKE IT. EVERYONE SHOULD TAKE IT.

Take it! Watch the movies - don't need to read the book.

Make sure you like the majority of films on the list.

Take this! You'll never look at movies the same way.

Make sure you watch the movies ahead of the lecture

One of the best courses I have taken at Princeton.

Take it. Its relatively easy and actually fun too.

If you have any interest in film, take the class.

Watch all the movies and go to all the lectures!

I would recommend this course in a heartbeat.

Great course, that was a lot of fun to take.

Fun, annoying that it doesn't allow p/d/f.

If you watch the movies, you will be fine.

Take this course. It is very interesting.

Take it! Especially with Professor Fuss!

take it. the movies are all great films.

Take it, no PDF, but yes it's worth it.

Take notes on the films while watching.

Take it and watch movies for homework!

I would highly recommend this course.

Take the course. You won't regret it.

I highly suggest taking this course.

Great course. Highly recommend.

Not too hard, super interseting

The class is graded very hard!

take it, its awesome and easy

Definitely take this course.

Definitely take this class!

Take it if you love movies.

Take it. It's a lot of fun.

Take it, it's pretty good.

Don't get your hopes up

Take it, great class.

Cool class. Take it.

go to every lecture

Take this course!

Take this course.

Take this class.

great class

take this!

TAKE IT!!

Take it!

TAKE IT.

Take it

do it

Good.

Yes

Jeff is hands down the best lecturer I've ever had. He's engaging, witty, eloquent, and soulful; full of heart and energy and love for the literature he's teaching. The class is only 2 essays (one after midterms and one due dean's date), so the majority of the work is doing the readings - and though it's easy to slack on them, do the readings and go to every single lecture and you won't regret it. You'll get so much out of the class. Anyone remotely interested in literature, or looking for a phenomenal (and not very work-intensive) LA, should take this class.

Definitely take it, especially if you are looking for a good course to PDF. Lectures are fully worth attending just on Jeff Nunokawa's own merit. If he knows you by name, watch out - he may call on you to answer questions about the books at any random point in time, so you'd better have done the readings. Otherwise, sit closer to the back and enjoy. He tends to be forgiving with people who haven't done all the readings, but the books are so good that it's worth keeping up.

Absolutely take this course. It has been one of my favorite courses so far at Princeton, because Jeff is an amazing lecturer. If you don't take a class with him during your time here, you're missing out. Even for someone not particularly interested in the subject (like me), Jeff brought this course and the novels to life.

I would recommend this course with Jeff Nunokawa as he really keeps you going to lectures even when you don't feel like going to any other class. His enthusiasm regarding the novels and the class is contagious. Besides keeping up with the readings, the class itself isn't too much work.

If you're even remotely interested in the novels being read, I'd take the course. Jeff is astonishing and it's a huge treat to hear him lecture. Whether you do the readings or not you'll get something out of the course (though obviously you'll get more if you actually do them).

1. Try to start thinking about your papers well before you write them. 2. In writing your essays, make sure you are analyzing the rhetoric/language of the novel and not just the overall plot. This will help you in constructing an arguable thesis.

This is a one of those classic Princeton courses that you do NOT want to miss out on. Jeff is a fantastic lecturer: funny, engaging, and brilliant. You'll learn things that apply not just to the texts, but to life in general. TAKE THIS COURSE.

Definitely take this course to fulfill your LA. While you will probably do fine skipping most of the reading, you will get a lot out of the course if you do all the reading. Lecturers like Jeff Nunokawa are why Princeton is an amazing school.

I would recommend this course because the workload isn't too bad. You don't have to read all of the books and just have to write two big papers. That said, make sure you'll have time to devote to the papers around midterms and finals

Try to read some of the novels over the summer, as there is a lot to read. However, it is well worth it, as these are truly inspiring books that become that much more eye opening when you hear the lectures and discussions in precept.

I didn't have writing sem before taking this nor experience with literary analysis, but I was able to write the papers and do well. I regret not finishing, or at least getting farther in, all the novels.

Read the novels! They are so interesting and relaxing once you get a hang of them. At first, the readings may seem difficult, but they become much easier as you familiarize yourself with the language.

Take this course for Nunokawa! He's one of the most passionate, enthusiastic teachers I've ever had, and he really cares about his students. He's also really funny--you won't fall asleep in lecture.

It's great to learn insights from Jeff. Do the reading over the summer. Again, do the reading over the summer. You will have almost no work for the class and really enjoy it if you do that.

It's quite hard as a freshman, but very interesting. I regret taking as a freshman, as I think it would have been better to take either sophomore or junior year. Still, I did enjoy it.

I would say don't hesitate! You must take this class, whoever you are because in any field, simply as a human being this class is relevant to you, and perhaps even life changing.

Be prepared for fantastically intriguing and humorous lectures coupled with a heavy reading load that will be nearly impossible to keep up with. The lectures are worth it though.

TAKE IT!!!! It is what you make of it. You can do a lot or do very little. Either way, if you write well and understand close reading, you'll be ok. Plus, Nunokawa is just great.

Do not be intimidated by the amount of reading. Like Professor Nunokawa says, you will take whatever you can get from this course. Believe me, it is so worth it.

definitely take it. i read all the books over the summer, so i didn't have to do any of the work during, it was awesome and made the papers much easier.

Lectures are kind of crazy and kind of confusing at times. But reading list is great. Try to get Ariana for precept if she is teaching again!

Keep up with the readings and start the papers early because Jeff gives really great feedback, but you need to ask him ahead of time.

Stay on top of the reading! If you take it in the fall you can do 2 or 3 books over the summer which will give you a great advantage.

Read the books! I always ended up liking the novels in the end, even if they started slow. You'll get so much more out of lectures.

It's not a very difficult course but if you're looking to learn something from an LA course then this course will do that for you.

The reading load can definitely be heavy, especially towards the end, but it is so worth taking the course and doing the readings.

Prof. Nunokawa's lectures are awesome. The workload is also light (reading novels, a few Blackboard posts, and two essays).

This class is awesome. It's worth it for Jeff alone. Do the reading though if you want to get anything out of the class.

Make sure to start on the material as early as possible because the books are fascinating but they're also quite long.

Be sure to attend the precepts as the lectures are not the most informative concerning how to write the papers.

I've already been telling everyone to take it like people told me to take it. Because everyone should take it.

You should consider reading the novels before the start of the semester (if you have not read them before).

Be ready to read a lot. You won't gain as much out of precepts and lectures if you haven't read them.

I would not recommend this course to any student except those interested in concentrating in English.

i would say dont take it cuz jeff is crazy, but theres almost no work so take it i guess

Make sure you read a few books over the summer and the semester will be more manageable.

The readings are great, I was a little disappointed in the quality of the lectures

Definitely take it if you can handle reading at least half of the novels.

If you like 19th century fiction, there is no better professor than Jeff.

Read the books before the semester starts, then reread as you go along.

Professor Nunokawa is great and you should take the course.

Take it, but understand that there is a lot of reading.

This class is fantastic. Take it--you won't regret it.

Read, read, read!! Keep up to date on the readings.

TAKE THIS CLASS BECAUSE JEFF IS AN AMAZING PERSON.

Make sure you like the books on the reading list.

work hard on your papers! they are very important

take if you are interested in the reading list

Take it, but beware the lengths of the novels

be prepared to do a lot of close readings!

TAKE IT! READ EVERYTHING! GO TO LECTURES!

Take it. Just do it.

Read the books!

Take it

Read.
Epic class. Epic. Loved it. Take it, no question. The readings are fantastic. The lectures are wonderful and very insightful. Gleason does a great job of interpreting the material, analyzing it, and presenting the author's original intent. Always very entertaining and engaging. Light workload - just two [short!] papers and one final. I mean, come on - the readings are either picture books or short novels that are so enjoyable that it hardly seems like 'work'. One of my favorite Princeton courses!

Gleason is, as always, an immensely lovable professor and a smart and entertaining teacher. However, this class was huge and the population was dominated by people who clearly took it so that they could PDF, read a ten page book, and basically do nothing. That really took away from the quality, because honestly, those people are not fun to be around. That's not really the class or the preceptors' faults though, and you can ignore those people. Take it if you're interested.

Believe me, it's an experience: but don't take it because you think it will be easy, and don't take it because you think it will be challenging either. It's neither of the two, and though it is usually pretty fun and Prof. Gleason is a masterful lecturer, the material falls too much in the gray area between "this is a total fun joke" and "this is changing the way I think" to really be as engaging as it could be.

If you have any interest in the history of children's literature and you want to re-read some childhood favorites, this is a really fun class. That being said, it is not super easy and its not something you can just breeze through, it is an engaging and challenging course that will make oyu think about the books you loved.

I would highly recommend this course. I would of course advise doing all the readings, and while doing so, pay attention to the characters and settings, but most importantly, what seems odd. The work load, including the papers, is very fair, so make sure to begin them at a time where you can do well.

Prof Gleason is great -- he's also very approachable and helpful outside of class, even if you're not in his precept. Also, of course, the readings are great. If you want to take this course seriously, there's opportunity for that; if not, you'll still wind up getting a lot out of it.

If you want to PDF an easy class for which you don't have to attend lecture or do any of the readings, this is for you. If you are interested in delving into children's literature, pick up the books on the reading list and do it in your own free time, or join a book club.

I would tell the student to do all of the readings for his/her own sake. Although you can get by without doing them, you will get substantially less out of the course and get less out of the lectures. I would highly recommend this course to other students.

TAKE THIS CLASS!!! It will be your favorite at Princeton. Try to get Laurel as a preceptor-she is the best! Read all of the texts and go prepared to precept/lecture so you know what Professor Gleason is talking about and can participate.

I loved this class. I'm PDF-ing as a senior and even though it has a final and a paper, get a group together to summarize the lecture notes and secondary readings and you'll only need to study 5-10 hours total to pass this class. Enjoy!

Take it. And go to all of the lectures, because Prof. Gleason basically creates an outlined study guide for you over the course of the semester because of how organized his lectures are. But also just go because they're interesting.

Definitely take this. Work is very reasonable. Grading on papers is pretty harsh though. Get feedback while writing; it helps a ton. Exam was reasonable, but the identification section featured a lot of obscure secondary materials.

Take it but be prepared to do some reading - it's really hard to get anything out of the course if you don't attend lecture and do the secondary reading. That being said, it's a lot of fun and a relatively "easy" course.

Best class! Professor Gleason is a great lecturer with really interesting points to make, and the subject matter is wonderful (and definitely on my level!) Take this class, whether you're an English major or not.

Unless you're an English major, it's harder than you think! I would recommend the class strongly to other majors, but discourage history students who think they'll be handed an A for re-reading Harry Potter.

TAKE IT! Go to every lecture and go to precept. Take good notes. it's not a hard class if you do the work and take it at least moderately seriously. I promise you won't regret it. I'm nostalgic already.

Take this class. If you PDF it you can get away with doing very little work, or for a grade it isn't impossible and is kind of fun. But if you do take it, go to the lectures they are VERY interesting.

Take this course only if you genuinely enjoy reading books and analyzing them. Unless the style of teaching changes, you can probably find a more engaging course that signifies a Princeton education.

going to lecture and precepts will be very helpful with all graded work. if you hate close reading, you may want to reconsider, since your ability to do so makes up more than 50% of your grade

Take it! It's a little more work than you expect, and there's a lot of boring rote memorization for the final, but you will be able to do well even if you don't do all the secondary readings.

Definitely take it. The readings, lectures, and precepts are a lot of fun, but you also learn to look at children's books in a completely new way that makes you appreciate them far more.

This is the perfect class to PDF -- it's fun and easy. In fact, you really don't need to PDF it at all bc it's so easy, but it's nice to PDF if you don't have the time to devote to it.

TAKE THIS CLASS!!!!!!!! Professor Gleason is incredible. The material is extremely fun and your Princeton experience wouldn't be the same without taking this course!

I would definitely recommend this class to other people. I would encourage them to do the readings, because it makes the class alot more interesting and special.

I would strongly recommend this course to other students. The workload was bearable and the readings were fun. The lectures were also highly enjoyable.

Run, do not walk, to Kiddie Lit. An absolute gem of a class. Enjoy it, read the readings if you can, ignore the secondary readings. Have fun!

Easy workload, fabulous lectures, your favorite childhood reads. Best class ever... plus tons of people PDF so it isn't too hard to do well.

Take this class as a PDF, it'll be fairly light on the workload and will give you a nice, refreshing break from your other boring classes.

Do as much of the reading as possible. Also, you don't need to print out all of the many page things--read them online and save paper.

Take it if you like, man. Just please don't dilute the English-Department nature of the course any further than it has already gone.

Engaging lectures. The subject matter isn't always as fun as it seems, though, since some of the secondary texts are rather dense.

If ever it is offered again, definitely take it!! Don't hesitate, just do it. And go to lectures because Gleason is amazing.

Great class, especially if you want to read books you read as a kid and actually think about their implications. Recommend!

If I had to choose three classes of all the classes that Princeton has to offer to recommend, this would be one of them.

The class is more serious than you would expect from the title, but the readings are so much fun week to week.

A great course - lectures are really interesting, and if you p/d/f, there's not much work to be done at all.

Take it for an interesting LA. Don't assume it'll be too easy though, it's definitely not an easy-A

Take it pass/fail! Great readings, fun lectures, but tough grading if you aren't an English major.

TAKE IT. But be prepared to do a considerable amount of reading. Don't treat this as an easy A!

it might be a little bit more work than you bargained for if you're looking for an easy class.

Make sure to get in this class, don't skip the reading, mostly because its so fun, and enjoy!

Take it, get your friends to take it. And don't PDF it. It's an easy class to begin with.

A general interest in childhood literature is enough for you to be engaged in this course.

Definitely take it. It is so much fun to reread children's books in an academic setting.

Great course to fulfill LA requirement or just out of interest. Stay on top of readings.

Take it! Gleason is an amazing lecturer, and the reading list is obviously fantastic.

This class is different and fun. A great way to change up the usual mundane schedule

Take it -- it's awesome!! Papers are short & exam was very fair / not too stressful.

Take it if you want to read and take a closer look at some books from your childhood

Fun lectures, pleasure reading. Great especially for non-English concentrators.

Absolutely take it. A fun, interesting, engaging class - you won't regret it.

Take this class. I almost decided to major in English because of this class.

It's about as fun as you would expect it to be. So, it's a really fun class.

Definitely take this course if you want to read Harry Potter as "homework"

Great - a lot of fun. Definitely my most enjoyable class this semester.

Definitely take it. And do the reading - that's what makes it great.

Definitely take the course, but don't expect it to be easy at all.

It's a great PDF. It's a fun class but good grades are not easy.

definitely take it! professor and laurel were great combination!

Thoroughly enjoyable class with very thought-provoking insights.

A good course to take but not necessarily as easy as I thought.

Great return to childhood for seniors heading toward graduation

I would tell other students to take the class and just enjoy it

Take the class but PDF it because of the terrible paper topics.

I would recommend this to both english and non-english majors.

TAKE IT. material's interesting and it's a great PDF to take.

You will get as much out of this course as you put into it.

More reading than I thought, but overall a good course.

absolutely do it. just make sure you read EVERYTHING.

Take the course! Do the readings and you'll be fine.

Take it! Everyone else does... Not worth PDF'ing.

Even if you're PDFing, GO TO CLASS! It's worth it.

Do the readings, go to lecture; it's all fun.

Great, entertaining, and fun class to take.

Read the texts and attend all the lectures.

Yes, I would tell others to take the class.

do the readings and go to all the lectures

Don't take it. It is a pretentious course.

Take it, do the readings, go to lectures!!

Definitely take it, and do the readings!

Gleason is an awesome lecturer. Take it!

Try to get a precept with Prof. Gleason

Go to lecture, its really interesting!

take it. even if you PDF it, take it.

Go to lecture - they're interesting.

it's a wonderful, fun class to take.

You would probably take it, why not!

don't have jules as a preceptor.

Take it, it's for your own good.

Take it, it's such a fun course!

Strongly recommend this course.

Read what you want to read.

Definitely take this class

Fun and interesting course

get jules as a preceptor

Take it. Why not right?

this class is awesome!

A nice class to PDF.

Definitely take it!

Definitely take it.

definitely take it

Take this course!!

Take the class!!!

Take this course!

Take this course.

Take this class

Go to lecture.

Enjoyed it!

solid LA

Take it!

Take it.

take it

Do it.

Take

eh.

n/a
Great class to take for a distribution requirement or for general interest. The readings are great and represent a good overview of post modern American literature. Lectures are interesting, workload is fairly low, IMO.

I'd take this course if you have any interest at all in modern lit, because the lectures are engaging, the precept discussions are stimulating, and most of all the readings are fantastic.

Take it! It can be intimidating because there are English majors taking this course but it's great and so interesting. Definitely a better response to American Literature as a whole.

The reading list is one you won't want to miss. This class really lays out modernism and post-modernism in a way I'd never understood it before. Excellent.

Solid survey of Modern American Literature. Worth taking if you want to read some of the most influential literary works of the past century

Awesome course! Definitely take it. Professor Mitchell is a stud and if you are interested in English, this class is a must.

It's a fun class to PDF! The books are almost all really great--both fun to read and interesting to analyze.

Readings were interesting and easy to get through for the most part. Grading was kind of hard.

Take it whether or not you like literature or know the books being discussed.

The books are great and the lectures are fascinating!

I would advise students to participate in precept.

I would recommend people to take this course.

This course is a must! Take it!!

Take it it's wonderful

Definitely take it.

Read all the books!

Read everything.

Go for it!

Take it!

Take it.
This is my favorite course I've taken so far at Princeton. I was lucky to be able to get in to it as a sophomore. Gleason is a fantastic lecturer. His PowerPoints don't have much text and he doesn't post them online, so you can't get away with just copying everything, you have to listen, but his lectures are well organized and easy to follow, and he does post a lot of other content online for your use/pleasure. His PowerPoints were entertaining, with incorporated music, video, and great images. Though he's been teaching this class for awhile, he kept the lectures very up-to-date with new articles, videos, news, etc. from within the past months, weeks, or even days, bringing up nearly every appropriation of the works of children's literature we were reading (including movies that haven't even come out yet). He arranged for a special Hunger Games viewing for the class and also two special Cotsen Library sessions, where you get to look at rare, old children's books, often first editions. ADVICE: This is a FUN class NOT a blow off class! DO take it to pay attention and have a great time, DON'T take it just to sit in lecture and play computer games. 1) It's too fantastic of a class to blow off so if that is your intent, please give your spot to someone else. 2) You can't write the papers and do well on the exam if you never pay attention or do the readings (the exam identifications were tricky but doable IF you truly paid attention/did the readings). And not all of the reading is children's books; some of it is denser secondary source material. Gleason is both a great teacher and a great guy. He even structured the class so that there would be less readings around the time that seniors were finishing their theses. In the end, I really dont see how anyone (who does more than just sit there and play video games) couldnt find this class entertaining and fun, so dont waste the opportunity!

TAKE IT. This is arguably the best course Princeton offers. More than just a fluff class about children's literature this class will have you examining childhood as a whole from an intellectual perspective, you will question the affect literature and media had and continue to have on your own life, the messages adults try to send, societal values and you will do this all while laughing through all of Gleason's lectures. It's not a slack class, you still have to do the readings but the more you put into this class the more you will get and trust me it is worth it.

I'm begging you, take this course. It is the most fun thing you can imagine. Lectures are fantastic, you actually want to be in class and the readings are all so much fun. Imagine sitting around reading the best stories written for kids as your homework - it's great. The prompts are also really interesting for the papers. If you've done the readings you wont have any trouble with the IDs on the exam. If you don't take this course, you are missing out. Probably my favorite course at Princeton.

I would strongly recommend taking this course for all students, whether you are an english major or in another department. The material is engaging, the lectures are amazing, and it is fun to be in a class with 450 of your peers. The only qualm I have, however, is the preceptor which I had, so be careful that you do not fall into the rut of receiving a poor grade on your first paper and then not having the ability to climb out of that ditch.

For the love of God, TAKE THIS COURSE!!!! Professor Gleason is hands down the best professor I've had -- I would honestly take any class with him in the future, no matter what the course title was. He has prodigious ability as a lecturer and really helped me to think critically about the ideas being presented. Lectures were incredible, the reading list is incredible, take it take it take it.

I recommend this course, but the English majors taking this as an easy A can ruin it for you if you are taking this class for a grade. Also be warned that while John Reuland is generally a good preceptor, he is a very tough grader. Also, take notes in lecture and precept. It will be difficult because very few people around you will be, but you will need them for the final exam.

If the course is designed the way it is, make sure you do the readings as you go so you don't have to catch up before the final (it's hell to do that) - when reading the secondary readings, make a note of the main "terms" that the author writes so you can remember them for later. Lectures are fun, but it's easy to get distracted - if you don't you can get a lot out of them.

This is an amazing course which will undoubtedly be one of the defining experiences of your Princeton career. Gleason is an amazing lecturer in that he is able to tie in the literature, the theory, and his own sense of humor into every class. Overall an enjoyable experience, it would be a mistake by anyone to not take this class during their undergraduate years.

Hands-down the best class I've taken at Princeton. I'm not an English (or even humanities) major, but I thought the material was presented in a simple enough manner to be accessible but a sophisticated enough manner to be engaging. Professor Gleason was the most considerate and involved professor I've had. I could not recommend this class more strongly.

TAKE THIS COURSE! I loved it so much. Gleason is the best! I can't say enough how much I fun during lecture, during precept, and doing the readings. You'll find yourself actually wanting to do them and go to class. It'll bring back so many good memories of your childhood. Not only is it well taught, but the work is very manageable for an English course.

Fantastic course. If you take this, even if you PDF, go to all the lectures and read all the books! There are a substantial number of interesting ideas presented during this course about the co-evolution of childhood and children's literature, and it would be a shame to take this, blow it off, and get nothing out of it.

Take this class. It's a nice break from traditional English classes, but you'll still learn a lot. Also seems like a good choice for seniors, since Professor Gleason was very understanding about the stress of writing a thesis and even organized the syllabus to lighten the load around when theses are due. A great course!

This course is one that you will not forget. Some might scoff at the syllabus, seeing children's books, but these texts are used in a way that provides a commentary on greater philosophical trends. The course was beautifully orchestrated and to this day one of the best classes I have taken here at Princeton.

ALWAYS come to lecture and take good notes! Everything brought up in lecture is fair game on the final so it's very important that you attend. Also - every single lecture is fun and interesting and you won't want to miss that. Ask questions about the secondary literature - sometimes it's pretty dense.

Amazing! so happy I'm ending my career at Princeton with one of Professor Gleason's classes. I never usually offer comments on my evaluations, but I had to for this class! He is so excited and pulls you into the material, the quickest 50 minutes ever! Excellent professor, excellent class! TAKE IT!

This course is tremendous. I recommend being engaged with it. Sure, it can be an easy P/D/F, but so can many classes really. This course material is just so fun and worth reading that you might as well take it seriously as a course because even working hard in this class is very enjoyable.

You might go into this class expecting something boring and easy. Instead you'll learn to think about all of your favorite childhood books in a completely way. You should definitely take a class with Professor Gleason before you graduate - and I'd highly recommend that you take this one!

I like humanities courses because I think it's fun to think about why precisely something is so magical/captivating/whatever cheesy adjective I can put here. If that's what you want -- and honestly, I think everyone should want that at one point at Princeton-- take this course.

This was an amazing class to take in my situation (senior spring P/D/F), but I'd imagine it would be amazing in any situation. I looked forward to lecture and to our readings every week, and Gleason delivered something special each and every time. Take it if you get the chance.

It's a great class, it makes you look at the books in different ways and lets you discuss them in a relatively stress-free environment with other students. It's also not that much work and just fun most days. I usually looked forward to the lectures.

If you have a chance to take this class, do it! Professor Gleason is great. His lectures are always interesting and engaging. No complaints about the books we read either! This is my favorite class I have taken at Princeton so far.

Definitely take this class, it's very fun. A lot of people PDF it, but I didn't because it's pretty easy to do well in it if you like the material, and if you do the readings, which are really just fun and don't feel like homework.

If you have the opportunity to take this class, definitely do! However, it can be frustrating for Egnlish majors, so I would recommend not using it to fulfill a departmental requirement, but take it as an elective instead.

A must-take class. Professor Gleason is a great lecturer, and homework includes reading Harry Potter, Where the Wild Things Are, and The Hunger Games--enough said. However, be prepared for more work than you might expect.

TAKE THIS COURSE TAKE IT TAKE IT TAKE IT. One of the saddest things for me about graduating is that THERE WILL BE NO MORE KIDDIE LIT ANYMORE. :( :( :( Also, Gleason ROCKS as a lecturer AND as a preceptor. TAKE IT!!!

Professor Gleason is one of the best lecturers at this school, and potentially one of the best English lecturers in the country. This class is so much fun, and you'll probably learn some cool things too. Take it.

I would strongly recommend this course to other students. I would advise them to take the course seriously and not to think that the work load will be a joke simply because the reading level is not too high.

You'll get as much out of this class as you put into it. If you do the readings, participate in precept, and think about the books, you'll have an awesome time. If not, well, you'll have an easy course.

If you can, you should definitely take this class. The readings were fun and the workload was not stressful. Still, the material discussed in lecture and precepts always kept me thinking after class.

This was one of my favorite classes at Princeton (and I am not even an English major). This class offers fiction and critical analysis with a dash of nostalgia! You will not regret signing up.

Probably in the top 3 classes offered at Princeton. Enjoyable readings which go quickly, two short papers which are trivial since you'll be writing about stuff like Harry Potter, and a final.

GLEASON IS GREAT, but precept might be a bit of a drag with all the students that PDF it. Go to every lecture because they're really interesting (plus they're all fair game for the final!).

Definitely take this course if you can. It doesn't matter what your major is, if you like kids it would be fascinating and give you the ability to think critically about literature.

I would tell them to definitely take it before they graduate because it is unique and makes you happy. Professor Gleason is brilliant and funny and connects well with the students.

You have absolutely no reason not to take this course. Whether you are a die-hard engineer or Hamlet loving English major, you will have fun and learn a lot from this course.

This is the best class I've taken at Princeton and Gleason is an amazing professor. There's not too much work, and all of the reading is incredibly enjoyable.

this a good course-very interesting and the reading is fun. prof. gleason is great. even if you pdf, you still have to write 2 papers and take the final.

The blackboard posts are no joke. They don't actually require that much thought, but they do require time, so start them early. Same goes for the papers.

Many people think this is a joke class, and it definitely can be, but if you put the work in you will actually learn a lot and it will be a lot of fun!

This was the most enjoyable course I took at Princeton by far. I would recommend taking it for pleasure and to learn a lot about children's literature.

An interesting analysis of what constitutes children's literature as well as of the deeper qualities and interpretations of this type of literature.

This is a wonderful course. You will never want to miss lecture, you get to revisit books you loved as a child and frame them in new ways. Take it!

I strongly recommend this course if you want to fulfill your LA-distribution requirement and want to take a fun course. You won't regret it!

Take this course!! You'll never experience anything else quite like it. And let's face it, who doesn't want to read Harry Potter for class?

Take this course. just do it. The readings are great and the professor is one of the most interesting I have ever listened to at Princeton.

I would recommend it, however the size is really a deterrent. Is it really worth sitting through at 450 person lecture? I'm not sure...

This is the best class to PDF, because you get to learn all about a cool subject, but it's fine if you don't do well on the final exam.

Great class to PDF, you get to read harry potter and the hunger games and it's almost no work if you don't care about getting an A.

This is a really fun course, and Gleason is a great lecturer. I would recommend it to anyone who needs an LA or a fun extra class.

class is really fun and laid back but not as much of a joke as it sounds although obviously not compared to other english classes

It is the coolest class around- I just should have tried harder, and engaged more and then i would have gotten even more out of it

I would strongly recommend this class. It was fun to take and it opened my eyes to a new way of looking at children's literature.

This is a great course! You will actually love the lectures and readings. If you don't attend lecture, you are missing out.

TAKE IT! Super fun, best lecturer ever, not difficult and a great class for senior spring. (It doesn't start till 12:30!!)

Pretty good course. Lectures were fun but not always incredibly substantive. But I guess that's what made them engaging?

TAKE IT IF YOU WANT TO GRADUATE HAPPY. I was actually depressed handing in my finals, knowing that meant it was the end.

This class is great. It is everything you would expect a children's literature class to be. Perfect for senior spring!

Just don't take Daniel Walker's precept. Switch out like multiple of my other friends did... it will serve you well.

Wonderful!!! Professor Gleason is fantastic, lecture is super interesting, readings are fun, light work load...

It's a wonderful syllabus and group of readings. One of the greatest classes I've had so far at Princeton.

Awesome course. Gleason is amazing and you can't go wrong with these books. Good as a PDF class too.

It's awesome! Take the class! It's not too much work, and you learn more than you might expect.

The universal appeal of the subject matter of this course would make it worthwhile for anyone.

I would tell others to go to lecture because Professor Gleason really makes them interesting.

Gleason is an awesome lecturer. Not much work needed but is pretty interesting on the whole.

This course is an excellent way to get an LA. Take it regardless of your academic interests.

I would recommend this class to anyone! All students should take this before they graduate.

Take it! Don't PDF it if you can; you'll get a ton out of the course without too much work.

very interesting, a bit more time invested than you would think, but definitely worthwhile.

You must take this course before you graduate. Great readings and a great class overall.

Take it! The Princeton experience isn't complete without it. Just get a good preceptor.

Take this course if you can - you won't regret it. There's something here for everyone!

Take this course! And take it seriously, it's great material and not just a joke class.

This class is great fun. If you actually pay attention, you might learn something, too!

Really interesting course material. Well taught. Really easy PDF. What's not to love?

Most of the stories are enjoyable - if you don't mind writing a few papers, take it!

If you can get in the class, take it. You get to read Harry Potter and Hunger Games

This course isn't as easy as you might think, but it's an AWESOME course. Take it!

This is a great course for anyone looking for a fun and very low-stress elective.

Take it, and get in Professor Gleason's precept (don't let Marcia tell you no).

This class was awesome and I think anybody would find it interesting (and fun).

Very entertaining and definitely influenced the way I looked at kiddie lit!

You should definitely take it! I even look forward to going to lecture.

MAKE ROOM FOR THIS CLASS IN YOUR SCHEDULE! It will make you so happy.

Definitely take this course! Material is fun and not that much work!

It's not a lot of work, it's really fun, it's kid's lit...why not?

Great class to PDF. Almost no work required unless you want an A.

recommend to those who are looking to fulfill a lit requirement

TAKE THIS CLASS OR ANY (OR ALL) OF PROFESSOR GLEASON'S CLASSES.

Great course- definitely take it if you are at all interested!

Do it! It's a decent amount of reading but totally worth it!

Not enough academic interest to justify spending a course on.

Take it - it's one of the most enjoyable classes I've tried

Take it! It'll be one of your best Princeton experiences :)

Take the course. No matter what. It's worth every minute.

Such a good class!! And Professor Gleason is excellent.

This class is popular for a reason. Definitely take it!

Loved this course! Part of the Princeton experience!!

this is the most fun you will ever have in mccosh 50.

Take it. My favourite non-departmental at Princeton.

This is a great class, one of my all time favorites.

Take it! Great books and solid lectures. Good LA

Definitely take this course. Highly recommended!

One of my favorite classes so far at Princeton.

TAKE THIS CLASS! Professor Gleason is the best!

Definitely take this class. It is phenomenal.

Take this class. You will be so glad you did.

Definitely recommend it. Gleason is awesome!

This course is amazing, definitely take it.

Take this course. Take it. Enroll. Now.

Take this! It's a great lecture class.

Do the readings and you will do well.

If you can take Kiddie Lit. do it.

TAKE THIS CLASS. It is the best.

Take it if you can! lots of fun

I highly recommend this class.

TAKE THIS CLASS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

take this! princeton classic!

AMAZING TAKE THIS IF YOU CAN

Take it. NO questions asked.

Definitely take this class!

Definitely take this class

TAKE IT! YOU WILL LOVE IT!

Take it, it's so much fun!

Just take it. Seriously.

Take it and do the work!

DEFINITELY TAKE THIS!!

Fun class. Take it.

It's an experience.

Take it! Super easy

Do it. Do it now.

Take this course!

Take this course.

Best class ever.

Really fun class

Take this class!

Take this class.

A must take!!!!

IT WAS AMAZING!

Great course.

Great class!

take this!!!

take it!!!

Take it!!

take it!

Take it.

take it

take.

YES!

This is a great course, and Morison is an excellent professor. It's also accessible to those who don't know anything about philosophy or Aristotle. A few recommendations - do the readings so you can think of discussion questions for precept. Go to office hours and discuss the assignments with your preceptor because you might not get the whole answer working by yourself. This class is not about original thought; it's about really grasping Aristotle. Don't let that discourage you though - getting into the mindset of Aristotle and truly understanding the material is really interesting and challenging work. I highly recommend taking this course.

This is a great course! If you want to talk about how Aristotle's philosophy makes you feel, it's not the course for you. But, if you're interested in formal, precise reasoning, then take this. The first half of the class is spent reading Aristotle's Categories and Prior Analytics. This is admittedly less exciting than the latter half in his Nicomochean Ethics, but the first half of the course trains you in the type of logical thinking that Professor Morison wants and gives you a framework for the Ethics. So, if the material of the first couple classes is disappointing, stick with it!

Take this course!! I took this course on a whim for a distribution, and signed up for it the first day of classes. I am a perspective Woodrow Wilson School major, so this course doesn't really have anything to do with what I am studying, but I loved it!! Honestly out of the 5 classes I took this semester, this would be my favorite. Don't worry about the weekly assignments, they sound scary, but aren't bad at all. Also the preceptor and Professor Morison are really easy to talk to if you need help!

Professor Morison is wonderful. If you ever have a chance to take a class with him, DO IT. You won't regret it. There is so much that you can learn from this course, including how to create an argument, how to solve a logic problem, how to live your life based on the nichomachean ethics, etc. Best class/professor I've ever had at Princeton.

If Prof. Morison is lecturing again, definitely, definitely take it. He's engaging and interesting and straightforward, which is a rare and great mix. Be prepared to study Aristotle from only one point of view, though; Prof. Morison tends to study many passages in one light rather than take a handful of passages from many viewpoints.

Everyone should be required to take this course. You will not miss out and will learn so much. I highly recommend it...You won't be disappointed. Professor Morison is dynamic and an incredible lecturer. He is so clear that if you attend class, you should be fine. But it is Aristotelian philosophy, so it will change your life anyways!

Morison is a wonderful professor, and this is a great class! Don't worry if you don't understand Aristotle's writing at first, because the lectures will clear that up! But be sure to read because you will need to know passages for the take home exams and the homework.

This is a great course if you are interested in minutely analyzing The Ethics, The Categories, and The Physics by Aristotle (although a very sided Professor-Morison-point-of-view is the only one imparted).

Fascinating material when you took a step back. A good EC. Philosophy isn't my favorite so I won't say I 'strongly recommend,' but I would give the class my top choice if I were looking for an EC.

Aristotle isn't actually that interesting but Morison's enthusiasm makes this class worth your time. If you have no background in philosophy, this class is a pretty fun introduction.

Take it - not too much work and you'll come away learning a lot about Aristotle. Even if you don't think you're interested in Aristotle, do it - it's worth your time.

Take the course to develop a more logical way of thinking and to understand what the function of man is. Without this understanding, you will remain disillusioned.

This is an great course. The material, of course, ought to be learned by any educated man, but moreover Professor Morison does a superb job of teaching it.

This is one of the best courses I have taken. The lectures are funny and engaging, and you will cover a lot of interesting material. Aristotle is the best!

Would take it over again and again. Aristotle really is worth learning about. Too bad, Professor Morison isn't teaching it for the next couple of years.

Take this class with friends with whom you can discuss the material; do not count on the class or precept discussion to be particularly stimulating.

Take this wonderful, wonderful course for an easy EC. Or even if you just want to learn some interesting old thoughts/analysis of life.

Take it if you want to learn Aristole from the best! Morison is great :D Also not too much work/reading- very straight forward class

If you are interested in Ancient Philosophy, you should absolutely take this course (especially with Prof. Morison if you can).

Whether you have an interest in philosophy or not, it is imperative that you take this class in order to be fully happy.

Great lectures - just be prepared to hear only one perspective/interpretation of Aristotle.

Take it if you want to learn about Aristotle from someone passionate about the material.

Morrison is amazing! I highly recommend taking this class, I found it hugely enjoyable.

Take it!!! Not too much work, just make sure you attend all classes and precepts!

take it if you want a not that hard philosophy class and lots of fun.

Take it. Seriously. One of the best classes I've taken here.

take this course if prof morison is teaching it!

Take this course but very technical at times.

Take it. Morison is great. So is Aristotle.

Take it with Morison, he makes this class.

very interesting course.

Absolutely take it!

Strongly recommend

Take this class.

You will probably see a ton of other reviews that say "the most satisfying and fulfilling course at Princeton, wish every class were this amazing." Take this with a grin of salt because it only becomes that if you can manage the insane, yes insane, amount of reading. Otherwise you'll be lost and feel like you have a ton of philosophy being shoved down your throat. In small doses this course is quite interesting, but expect a ton of literature and philosophy, with dashes of history. I suppose I pose more of a warning than a negative recommendation. The professors are amazing and the classes are great so going to class is highly recommended, but again, if your a above average paced reader, expect 4am-ers, a lot. If your a slow reader, expect 4m-ers but witha ton more anger and frustration at the world. But hey if thats your thing, thats your thing. Carefully examine your abilities.

I would recommend this course to anyone who is interested in the material, particularly if it is relevant to their future study. While you may get more insight into fewer texts by taking two other courses, this course is a particularly unique opportunity to interact with six different professors (two of whom will precept for you and grade your essays personally) and a community of peers that is uniquely interested in the subject matter. I am even more excited for the second semester than I was for the first.

HUM is an extremely rewarding class that takes an extraordinary amount of concentration and commitment. Some people get by without reading some of the literature or don't prepare fully for class, but if you want to get the most out of the course, be prepared to organize your time well and spend hours immersed in amazing words. A must if you love all types of philosophy and literature or are eager to explore new realms of thought.

Only take it if you know you can cut out time to do a LOT of reading, probably the most amount out of any class at Princeton. That being said, it certainly guarantees breadth of knowledge regarding the foundations of western literature, while the precepts and the essays attempt to cover enough depth for each work (with fair success; it does not do justice for each of the canonical work covered, but this is a survey course).

It will teach you to do hard work, but so will the other Princeton courses too. The only thing is you will probably laugh when others complain that they have 150 pages to read. As I like to read things in depth, this was probably not a good option for me. If you like to read things in detail, this might not be for you. However, you get general idea about the subject matters.

The class isn't really as hard as people say it is, it takes a bit to get used to the schedule, but once you get in the groove, it's fine. This is the case, at least if you really love the books that you are reading. I found myself looking forward to doing the HUM readings and drawing intertextual connections that just blew my mind. It was this that really motivated me.

If you would read the syllabus for fun take this class. If your expectation is to be able to say that you have read the great works of Western Literature, this is the class for you. However, if you are expecting to learn how these works fit into a larger theme, I suggest you look elsewhere.

HUM is a class that you will either LOVE or HATE. Yes, they do have to be in all caps, because you will be passionate about your decision. It's not a class for everybody, but if it is a class for you, then it will be the best possible class for you.

You have to be really committed to reading everyday, all semester to take this course. Sometimes we read 3 whole books in one week (which is just not realistic) and it really stressful. If you are a masochist, take this course.

An enormous workload- but it's possible and entirely worth it. That's all that matters. Don't take it if you're looking for an easy course with light reading.

If you are ready for a challenge, do it. The readings are daunting but entirely worthwhile. You do not take HUM for a grade; you take HUM to be enlightened.

Take it. You sign your life away to your reading, but it's worth it. If you want to know this stuff, there isn't a better time to do it.

Best class at Princeton, hands down. Cannot compare, am very lucky to have taken the course. Can't recommend it enough!

If you're really interested in reading all the great classics and can keep up with the readings, I recommend it.

Please show up to class and don't be afraid to have your own opinion in precept- it makes things interesting.

Do it if you like reading and writing. If you don't like reading and writing, don't take this course.

Do the readings ahead of time. Form relationships with the professors.

Take this course!!! you will feel that you are so enriched after this

DO IT!!! (If you really like to read.)

Read all the assigned reading.

Don't take this course.

See previous evaluation

Read, read, read

TAKE THIS CLASS.

Take it!

Take it.

Do it

This is a great, non-intimidating introduction into composition. There were students of all levels of musicianship in my class and I would say that we all got something good out of it. It is also very low-stress and not a lot of work at all, and the classes are very relaxing.

If you play a musical instrument, you HAVE to take this course! MUS210 is very free-form, flexible, and allows you to really explore your own style of composition. You will have so much fun in this class. This is hands-down one of my favorite classes at Princeton.

I loved the course as it allowed me to sit down and focus my energy on composing a complete piece and to get to know a lot of other musicians, but your experience may vary depending on how the people in your class is (lots of group projects).

I would tell other students to have fun with this course. Professor Lansky and Elliot created a very low-pressure and welcoming environment. It's probably the most relaxed and comfortable place to experiment with new ideas, so go for it!

Very good, fun course to do musical improv and composition; however, don't expect to be taught directly very much. The structure of the class is more around getting feedback on pieces, rather than teaching how to compose.

Even if you don't have much music theory experience, take it! It's good to workshop your pieces early on so you get classmate's and prof's remarks--they give great feedback.

Super laid back but a bit unorganized. Take it if you're motivated to work on your own.

Take this class. Stress-free and you learn so much and meet great people!

TAKE THIS COURSE. It will be one of the best courses you take.

Do it! It's fun, and not all that much work.

Have fun! This is a great course and take it.

Take it if you're interested in composition.

so, so much fun. and very relaxing

A fun class, and not much work.

Take it!!

This was a very interesting class with a brilliant and entertaining professor. "No music experience necessary," I guess, but it definitely definitely helps to have some knowledge. I played piano for years, but don't know a lot about music theory, and I struggled to keep up with the music majors. I may regret taking this class as a freshman.

Morrison is an AMAZING lecturer. I wasn't extremely interested in the material prior to taking the course and also had never taken a music class and really enjoyed it. Beware if you're pdf-ing though, as I was. Make sure you study for the exams because they aren't easy.

The course is very interesting, and Professor Morrison is a great lecturer. Assigned listenings are always nice and don't really seem like work. Readings vary in difficulty but many of them are writings by composers and give interesting perspectives.

Music is about being cultured : becoming familiar with a certain body of facts in order to be better able to appreciate music, rather than establishing any particular philosophical points or anything like that. Keep that in mind.

Take it if you have some experience in music, otherwise take MUS 103 first. It's a great period of music and the pieces are interesting. Morrison seems to be on auto-pilot a bit in lectures, but is still pretty captivating.

I would definitely recommend the class to anyone remotely interested in music! Lectures are great and the coursework is very manageable. Do not miss any lectures -- they are definitely worth your time!!

There's a solid bit of memorization required for this course. I wasn't expecting that. If you're good at memorizing, great; if not, try to enjoy the course as much as you can and cram for the exams!

This course was fairly accessible and very interesting. It'll make you see music (and history!) in a new light. There are readings, but they aren't overwhelming, and there are no huge papers.

Pretty difficult, especially if you're not acquainted with music already. I would not recommend to people with zero musical background. However: super awesome.

Take this class! The material is extremely well presented and interesting. Professor Morrison is a wonderful and engaging professor. Try to get into his precept.

Definitely recommend. Helps to have some background in classical music and theory, but you'll find that the listening assignments in this class are wonderful

Anyone with an interest in classical music will enjoy this course. It is very enjoyable and by no means an overwhelming amount of reading or written work.

This course is interesting and covers exactly what the description says. If you want to learn about Romantic Era music, this is the best way to do it.

Beautiful course, a must take! Lectures are like story time - as long as they're taught by Morrison. Pick a good preceptor, preferably the professor.

I strongly recommend this course or any course taught by professor Morrison. He is an extremely good lecturer and very knowledgeable and engaging.

Take this course if you enjoy music history. However, it remains a survey course, so don't expect highest-level material.

If a student has any sort of interest in romantic music and room in his or schedule, he/she should take this course.

take good notes and you'll be fine. this is a fun class where morrison just tells stories about each composer.

if you're ready to work hard, and you love romantic music, by all means pounce like a robin at a worm.

Take it. It's a good LA elective, and if you are a music major, it's a no-brainer.

You should really have some background of music theory to really enjoy this class.

I highly recommend this course to anyone who is interested in music.

Make sure you like musicology before taking this course.

Choose your preceptor wisely; study well for the exams.

I loved this course, strongly recommend.

go to lecture everyday!

This is a great class.

Awesome lectures

Very fun class

good

This is an excellent course. There is a bit of reading, but you can get by if you have to just skim a few of them, and there's a lot of deep material that make you really think about music!

This course is fantastic for those with some interest in the period. Morrison is an absolutely wonderful and knowledgable lecturer, and really makes the material come alive.

This was my first music history course, and it was amazing. Simon Morrison is an awesome professor - take anything with him. Take this course!!

Takes quite a bit of time, but if you're at all interested in music or the philosophy of modernism, take it!!! Very interesting course.

This is a great course. Morrison is a great lecturer. Take it if you have interest in the era (which is fascinating, incidentally).

If you are interested in this period of music, and can tolerate sometimes highfalutin music philosophies, this is a class for you.

realize that music from this class is (mostly) not to be enjoyed...but understood and put into context.

Take this even if you can't read music! But you should probably really like classical music.

The music is incredible and Simon Morrison is the man. A basic theory background is helpful.

If you have interest in any music from this time period you should take this course.

I would highly recommend this course to another student. It's great!

If you have any interest at all in music, you must take this course.

Interesting material, but it's a good thing I PDFed this class...

Yeah... if you don't care about music, probably a bad idea :)

ABSOLUTELY TAKE IT! Even if you don't like modern music!

If you are interested in the subject you will like it.

Attend all the lectures because they are all amazing!

I think it's a lot of fun.

Really interesting!

If you're interested in philosophy, then this is probably a great course because Kelly has a good lecture style and doesn't require much reading. However, if you're not interested, I advise against taking it. Even if just PDFing, it requires a lot of time just to read the texts. And if you don't go to lecture, you're in trouble on the final exam. A lot of final exam questions come strictly from what he says in class, and the info can't be found in the texts. So if you're willing to go to class and pay attention, this course will be fine for you. If not, be wary because you'll find yourself confused and frustrated by the topics if you don't put in the time. Though he says previous philosophy experience is unnecessary, I think it certainly would've helped me. I was very confused simply by the philosophical mode of thinking.

I think whether or not you will like this course depends on your interest in theory of knowledge. I find the readings really interesting, and I like thinking about things like justification and knowledge. I'd recommend trying to read something before-hand and gauging your interest. There is a weekly precept to talk about the readings, and it is usually a good interesting discussion.

A good EC to PDF. Two short papers and a midterm. Readings are short but dense. Precept is interesting. Students are either PHI majors who know everything about the topic or seniors who need an easy EC to PDF/ Be forewarned if you do not fall into either category.

This class is great for anyone who has taken an introduction to philosophy class and is considering concentrating in philosophy. The study of epistemology is fascinating, and I think that anyone would find the discussion of knowledge to be relatively accessible.

I would recommend this class to people interesting in taking a philosophy class for the first time. I would also warn them that they might need to PDF if they aren't satisfied with some B, as it seemed to be quite competitive to get an A in the class.

If the subject-matter sounds at all interesting to you, I would definitely recommend this course. I found the material fascinating, and the lectures and precepts were engaging. The work-load was very manageable, and I enjoyed writing the papers.

Make sure to attend class and take great notes. Do not miss any of the readings, everything will appear on the final. It helps to participate, and do not be afraid to ask questions even during lecture.

I think that students from a variety of different background could enjoy this class. However, I think that at least one or two previous philosophy classes could be helpful.

This is a good class. It is more technical than most philosophy classes. You will leave this class with a much better framework for how belief and knowledge is formed.

An excellent P/D/F course if you're willing to attend all the lectures. Generally interesting, professor is an engaging lecturer, readings are very manageable.

Lectures are little hard to follow at times. Professor Kelley isn't the most interesting of lecturers though I definitely recommend talking to him personally.

The course is alright. Ultimately not as interesting as the description makes it seem. But precept discussions are insightful and enjoyable.

Strongly recommended. Can take without philosophy course experience. Pay attention in class. Keep up with readings. Not hard.

Unlike other philosophy classes, the material in this class is very contemporary and accessible. Solid EC.

Take this class whether or not you will be a philosophy major. It's awesome in every single aspect.

Definitely an interesting subject--offers something that you won't find in other classes--take it

It's a solid philosophy course, not earth-shattering. If that sounds good to you, take it.

It was an interesting. If you need an EC I would recommend it.

If you are interested in philosophy, this is a great course.

Worth taking if you like philosophy

take it!!!!!!!!!

This is definitely a good course to take, if you enjoy both art and philosophy (that seems a bit obvious...). It is not very difficult and at times very interesting. If anything, Nehemas is at least a very engaging lecturer.

This is an interesting course, especially if you have a background in a particular art form (art, music, poetry, etc.). Prof. Nehamas is wonderful! It was a great course to cap off my academic experience at Princeton.

Come in with an open mind. If you're willing to have a lot of your assumptions challenged and deal with some uncomfortable concepts, you'll get a lot out of it, provided you actually do the reading.

If you have a strong interest in the topic and are comfortable investigating without conclusions, you will really enjoy Nehamas and the structure of the course.

Though not as good as Nietzsche, this is still a strong course taught by a great professor. His ideas, more than anything are worth taking the class for.

I strongly recommend students take a course with Nehamas. He's a wonderful speaker and this course had very interesting reading material.

If you know a lot about philosophy and art, you will love it! If not, you will be lost and confused.

Even if you are only remotely interested in the topics of the course, I'd recommend considering it.

Take it if you need an LA, are interested in aesthetics, or want to hear some great lectures.

Interesting class but could move slower and cover less material to allow for more analysis.

solid course- definitely do the reading to get the most out of it

An enjoyable, thought-provoking class with interesting lectures.

It's probably the best survey course you can take at Princeton

If you are interested in art at all, this is a great class!

This is one of the classes for which you came to Princeton.

Definitely take this course. It will not let you down.

do the readings. Go talk to Nehemas- he's awesome.

eat well but not too much before lectures.

Prof. Nehamas' lectures were fantastic.

intriguing course, not too much work.

It was a very interesting PDF course.

good la requirement

An absolute must.

Take it!

Do it.

Take this course if you are interested in continuing to improve your spoken Spanish and grammar. The workload is manageable and the grading is very fair. The class is a great mix of readings, movies, short written work, and speaking. I would definitely recommend continuing Spanish with this course!

Even if one has placed out of a language, I would strongly encourage one to continue their study of that language. The classes at Princeton are stimulating, and a better understanding of another language can really help open up new opportunities in life.

I would not recommend this course unless you are planning on getting a certificate or don't mind extremely nit-picky grading and want to spend a LOT of time on finetuning your assignments. I don't think this course did not improve my spanish that much.

207 is where Spanish stops becoming a class to take for the sake of taking. It gives as much work as my other classes - it is no longer just a world language class for the sake of taking it. At the same time, it is extremely interesting and fun.

I loved SPA 207 largely due to Lorena. She made all of the material fun, stimulating, and accessible. Keep on top of the assignments because even though each individual assignment is not worth a large percentage of your grade, they add up!

If you have a 5 on AP Spanish, chances are this course won't help you much. If possible, I recommend trying to place into a more advanced course, especially as this course does not give distributions credits.

Take 207, even if you didn't enjoy 108 very much. The class is much more discussion-based (so it's more interesting than just learning grammar all the time) and your speaking skills will improve a lot.

The class itself is pretty straightforward - take it if you want to improve your grammar and writing skills, but it may not be the class for you if you want to become more fluent in the language.

Whenever you're doing a lot of grammatical stuff, it ain't gonna be too fun. Otherwise, the course gets it done. As my father once told me, pimpin' ain't easy, but it's necessary.

If you want to get the most out of this course, put time into the readings and the writing assignments- you can really improve your language skills if you do this.

Take it. It's a good course, and you'll develop fluency. It's also not too hard or time-consuming, but it forces you to keep practicing your Spanish.

Take it if you are interested in keeping up your Spanish and have an extra spot in your schedule, but don't expect to improve a whole lot past 108.

Only take this class for the requirement or if you're really interested in the ins and outs of grammar structure. Not a heavy culture class

If didn't take Spanish in high school and have only taken 101, 102 and 107 at Princeton, this course will be pretty challenging.

practice spanish outside the course, really say everything and anything in class and visit office hours of course

Don't take Lorena's section. But this class really helps if you want to get better at spanish.

only take if you have to. just another grammar course. Same exact thing as SPA 108

Keep up with the work, start early and don't be afraid to go to office hours.

Please take this course! You will have fun while learning the material.

Make sure to revise your ejercicios de gramatica to check for errors!

Take it! It's not difficult, and it's super fun. Lorena is the best!

Definitely take it if you want to keep your Spanish skills fresh!

Participate and don't bring your computer to class!

Take it with monserrat. you'll have a lot of fun

Make sure you understand the grammar.

Take it if you enjoy Spanish.

good class

Have fun!

?T?mala!

yes

Take this class. Tracy Bersley is amazing. Take it with her. With a bunch of science-ish classes, I loved having this class as a contrast. Class itself is something you'll really look forward to, and basically, I could take everything I did for this class as a study break for my other classes. Don't underestimate the work (rehearsal time and stuff) that you will need, though - or even better said, out of experience: You will get as much out of this class as you put in. And it's super worth putting a lot into. Whether you have a lot of theater experience of have never acted before, this class will teach you a lot, and a lot of stuff you can use in your everyday life. Again: take this class.

TAKE THIS CLASS. Tracy is amazing. AMAZING AMAZING AMAZING. It's good for people who think of themselves as non actors in addition to actors. Tracy works really hard to make sure that she challenges everyone, no matter what their skill or confidence level is at the beginning. I can't say enough about how wonderful I think she is.

Take this course with Tracy! She is so nice (and everyone seems to not like Suzy). We spent the first half of the semester doing all sorts of exercises and meditation and character building. Then we got to do two partner scenes at the end. Overall if you have any interest in acting you should definitely take this!

I loved this course. I came to the course with virtually no acting experience and no training, and was somewhat intimidated to begin. Suzie's instruction made acting achievable and fun, and I learned a lot of great skills that will stay with me off the stage as well. A

Take it! Definitely worth working into one's schedule - whether simply as an LA requirement or to start digging into theatre. Suzie is great and the community that you build within the class is one of the most valuable things you may gain from it.

Definitely take this course if you are at all interested in the theatre department or acting in general. You will work hard but you will definitely improve.

Go all out! If unclear, ask Suzie. Pour your effort into written assignments because they help you with the grade towards the end.

Not super work heavy other than setting up rehearsal times. A lot of fun, I suggest it for everybody with any interest in acting

Strongly recommend this course with Tracy. The 5 hours of class per week were 5 of my favorite hours every week!

This course really works on throwing you outside of your comfort zone intellectually and physically

TAKE IT WITH TRACY! It is such a great LA if you're looking for a fun distribution requirement.

Be sure to read everything given thoroughly and to just do as she says.

I would recommend this course to anyone.

Take it with Professor Bersley!!

I like Tracy's class

Take it!!!

I really enjoyed this course, but I put neutral because it really depends on who the student is that's interested. If they have drawing experience, I'd recommend it wholeheartedly. But if they don't, I'd be sure to tell them that you will most likely not learn technique in this class. You will learn by doing and if that's something you're prepared to do - go ahead. But I think this approach is intimidating for students with no experience. There were quite a few students that dropped out after the first 2 classes, probably realizing they wouldn't "learn how to draw" in the conventional way. It all depends. If you're adventurous/have the stamina and passion for art, take this course. If not, you may want to consider something else.

I would highly recommend this to someone willing to learn more about drawing and become a better artist. Do not assume that because this is an art class that it will be easy. The afternoon and evening session feel like they take most of the day, and the homework is not insignificant. The class is definitely worth it, especially if you have Daniel Heyman, but make sure that you are truly interested in the subject.

Overall, the course was extremely engaging and I felt that I learned more than I ever imagined about the classical techniques used to render form. Kurt was extraordinarily helpful and offered a lot of guidance and advice throughout the course. I would highly recommend this course, so long as you are willing to put in the time and energy.

The class does take a lot of time, because the class is about 6 hours on a single day (afternoon and night class) and homework generally takes 3-5 hours. But it's definitely worth it!

This is a great course for students at any level who enjoy art. Kurt Kauper is a wonderful instructor, and I improved a great deal over the semester.

Take it if you have a sincere interesting in drawing! Have to put in the effort though - can't really fake your homework. Rewarding and fun!

Take this course! It's for students who want to improve their technical skill. I feel that I improved my drawing skills tremendously.

Do not leave the weekly drawing psets to the last day. Start the day before because they take quite a while.

You don't need to be experienced or very good at drawing, but you have to be very eager to draw.

Take the course if you enjoy and appreciate art, regardless of how much experience you have.

If you want an excellent introduction to drawing, I strongly recommend this course.

You definitely learn a lot. Daniel is fun but has particular likes/dislikes.

Definitely take this class! The work takes some time, but it's worth it.

It's a fun class, take it, but realize the grading may be unfair.

Take it. It's fun and you don't have to be amazing at art.

This class is very relaxing and you learn a lot! Take it!

Life skill to be learned!

It's a great course!
