Do the readings, and take good notes of your readings. You won't be quizzed on them or anything, but you'll find the course much more enriching if you take the time to study each side of each issue. Also, when writing your weekly reports, make sure to present your critical thinking on the readings. Don't just write something to show that you did read. They want to hear your voice.

I strongly encourage anyone who thinks he or she has the world figured out to take this course. Hopefully, it will frustrate your sense of the world while also providing you with the means for asking better, deeper questions. Overall, the instructors and students create a warm atmosphere in which you're encouraged to explore and present novel findings and insights to the class.

Great class with a great professor but LOTS of reading. The readings raise interesting questions if you're interesting in the global health field or health policy concerns, but you're often expected to read upwards of 250 pages per week. Take if you're interested in the subject and ready to really engage with difficult questions

Anyone interested in health policy, aid, development, and philanthropy should take this course. Professor Biehl teaches you how to think critically about current systems of aid and pushes you to respect the complexity of politics, economics, and culture. This is by far the most interdisciplinary class I have taken at Princeton.

I definitely recommend this course. Professor Biehl is a really excellent professor and actually gets to know every student in the class. I would just recommend keeping up with the reading. There is a lot of it, but it makes the course much more interesting.

This class is so great. Professor Biehl and the preceptors made it all the worthwhile. Take it especially if Peter, Betsey, or Carrie are the TA's. The only problem was that the lecture-only structure of the class made it a little hard to participate.

This course covers a wide variety of fascinating topics in global health, so if you're interested in the field you should definitely take it! But be warned, this class has a relatively heavy reading load. But it's worth it!

Sometimes its good to take a step back and look at the themes. Don't get too caught up in acronyms, etc. but remember commonalities in scenarios and, most importantly, Global Health is made up of individuals.

This course is very anthropological - my sense is that students interested in anthropology really liked this course but students who are not so interested in that area find the course less interesting.

Take this class. It will change your life, or at least the way you think about the intersection of humanitarianism, biology, medicine and culture that makes up the field of global health.

It's a very good course to take for Professor Biehl's energy and excitement about the subject of global health - however the breadth of the course is a bit staggering.

Do, or at least skim, the readings! You'll get much more out of the course if you do, although if you don't get to all of them you'll still be fine for assignments.

I would absolutely take this course if the subject matter interests you. I found it to be engaging, particularly the first half of the semester.

Definitely take the class. It's a very well done, well structured class with an awesome lecturer and very good guest lectures as well.

Keep up w readings as much as possible. Remember interesting and specific parts to refer to on later work.

Hopefully epidemiology is better. Don't see why this course is necessary for the GHP certificate.

definitely take it! a lot of readings but worth it, professor biehl is great!

be prepared for reading...try to get into the anthropological mindset

Fantastic course in all ways. Work hard and engage with the material.

Prioritize the readings and give yourself time to work on the class!

TAKE IT TAKE IT TAKE IT. Spend as much time as you can with Biehl.

If you are very interested in global health, then go for it!

Definitely take this course. You won't regret it!

Don't take it unless you're in the GHP program...

Excellent, best class I've taken at Princeton.

Take it! It's worth the amount of reading.

Take it. It's fun.

Take it!
This is not a class where you read the textbook and do the assignments and work independently throughout. To do well you need to be willing to go to lecture (and take pretty good notes) because if you do go to lecture, the assignments become really easy. It is worth your time. You also need to go to office hours because the preceptors go over the assignments very well and I think whoever didn't come to these was at a very serious disadvantage. However, if you go to lecture and office hours - you almost have to do nothing else. The case studies take a maximum of half an hour to read and assignments are only due every two weeks - so if you take this class you'll have to work smart, but not very hard, except for the midterm and final assignment. These are not hard, but a bit more time consuming. Take this class though - it's fantastic and a great econ class to take if math is not your strong suit. There is no math in this class but it'll give you a nice and practical introduction into economics.

Take this class! Professor Leonard is AMAZING and you will learn a lot about a very interesting subject matter. Definitely take this if you're an econ major - it's one of the best departmentals. It's not super quantitative, but there's definitely some numbers involved, but there's also a lot of qualitative econ. So there's a nice balance of both qual and quant, and the topics are very relevant to everyday life! One of my favorite classes here, despite its challenging-ness. I would set out a good amount of time every 2 weeks for problem sets. Take GOOD lecture notes - they're essential for the psets and take-home exams.

The material was fascinating - this sometimes feels more like a philosophy class about utilitarianism more than anything else - and Prof. Leonard was genuinely passionate about it, so it was great to go to class. But we really should have had precepts, as the assignments end up being opportunities to rehash exactly what Prof. Leonard said in class.

TAKE IT. Even if you pdf or audit it because you don't have the time or space, take it before you graduate. It is by far one of the most rewarding courses ever in Princeton, and Professor Leonard is absolutely amazing. And go to the right office hours - Juha's if you are lucky enough to have him again.

This class lots its lustre after 2-3 lectures: the material is interesting but really common sense, and the problem set/exams are insanely poorly worded, arbitrarily graded, and generally unclear. Also, no collaboration on problem sets really is a big downer in this class.

Take this class, especially if you need to fill ECO distribution requirements. All assignments are take-home. You have to go to lectures in order to understand anything on the take-home assignments. But the lectures are fantastic so you should go anyways.

Take great notes (they'll be tested extensively on the problem sets.) Be prepared for some great lectures -- this was one class where I was honestly NEVER bored during lecture. Also be prepared for some subjective grading on the problem sets.

take it, but be warned! psets are excessively long and graded very hard, at times almost arbitrary. but you learn a lot! and lectures are super interesting! one of the only lecture classes where i can actually sit through the 1.5 hour lecture

This course is not too challenging technically, but it certainly teaches you to think in a different way. Take advantage of office hours on problem sets and exams, especially with Professor Leonard. He is very helpful and understanding.

Great class that will especially be interesting for students who are interested in going on to law school. Very little in the way of technical economics is needed though a background is very helpful.

The problem sets are graded in an absolutely arbitrary manner. They are also long and sometimes difficult, but the course material and Leonard's lectures are sufficiently good to make up for it.

All the work is take-home, which makes the readings optional until the assignments are given out. Assignments are extremely time-consuming. Going to lectures is absolutely imperative

Take the course but start assignments as soon as they are posted on blackboard, and take very good notes (perhaps even audio record them to go back to later if you have questions).

Good class. A lot of information but it is very interesting. There isn't work very often, but when there is it a good amount. Not extremely difficult work, but a large quantity.

Great course to take. Definitely time consuming, but the more time you spend discussing the material with other students, the more you will get out of the course.

You need to go to lecture, he gives all the answers there. Take it if you don't mind no work most of the time, then a lot of the work some of the time.

So interesting! Influenced me to change to being an econ major. take it if you like logical (though not necessarily mathematical) things

Take it. Professor Leonard is a great lecturer. It is challenging but not impossible, and you will learn a lot about the legal system.

Start assignments early and go to preceptors for help. Go to lectures because all the important materials will be covered in lecture.

Take it. It's quite a bit of work, but it offers a great perspective into efficiency perspectives in relation to society and the law.

A decent class. Lectures were fine. However, the assignments were long, tedious, unenlightening, and sometimes arbitrarily graded.

Make sure to take good notes. Collaboration is not allowed so be sure to ask questions after class and during office hours

go to every lecture and type as fast as you possibly can or record lectures so you don't miss anything leonard says.

Make sure to give yourself enough time for the problem sets, take good notes in lecture, and do the readings!

Take this course if you are interested in exploring the legal field. It is a good introductory course to law.

Take this class if you are interesting in Law and Economics, and dont mind writing a bit on assignments.

Do not take it unless you like doing work completely alone and with no collaborations with others.

If you're an Econ student, definitely take at least one Leonard class for your electives.

Take it. It's hard and a fair amount of work, but it's really interesting

Take diligent notes and look at the problem set before going to lecture.

A little tougher than other Leonard courses, but still well worth it.

Again, fantastic class. Can't say much more. Definitely recommend it!

Definitely attend lectures! It is crucial to you passing the class.

Be sure to go to lectures, take notes, and go to office hours.

I would definitely recommend this class for econ majors.

The course is pretty tough but definitely worthwhile

Take it. You'll learn to think economically.

Go to lecture, take good notes, enjoy it!

Great course, delivers what it promises.

Must take this course.

Take this course.

take this class.

Take it.

TAKE IT
Leonard is a fantastic lecturer. A really great course to PDF -- the grading feels rather unpredictable unfortunately, but when PDFing it you won't care. You learn a lot in this course about how to relate economic principles to ethics and morality, and just how intertwined the two are (despite what other economics courses often purport). I really think it'll make a difference in how you view the world and what you choose to support -- it's the only course at Princeton that's done that for me, really (but then again I'm an engineer so I don't get exposed to life-changing topics too often unfortunately).

Take it! Especially if you enjoy economics or, as the name says, are curious as to how economics relates to ethics. It is a pretty good amount of work but you will definitely learn a lot if you devote some energy to it. Professor Leonard is very intelligent but also very down-to-earth.

1. Take precise notes. Leonard speaks slowly enough that you will be able to do this. 2. Chew gum or drink Powerade from late meal if you need to stay awake. 3. Really--follow rules 1 and 2. 4. Remember that this stuff is pretty interesting.

If you have any interest in economic policy making or general ethics, take this class. Even if you don't, if you want to take a perfectly taught and organized class - look to Professor Leonard.

This is a great course! It doesn't take too much time, and Professor Leonard is an excellent lecturer. Make sure you go to all the lectures and write down everything he says!

A good course in ethics. Builds on intro micro (ECO 100). Good capstone course in economics, as it draws from so many different fields (micro, behavioral, etc.).

If you are interested in ethics, economics, or policy, this class is a must. It will introduce you to an interesting and systematic way of seeing things.

Professor Leonard is a cool, laid back guy. The course is interesting and pretty low stress. I would definitely recommend it as an ECO departmental.

START EARLY ON THE TAKE-HOME ASSIGNMENTS! They will ALWAYS take three times as long as you think they will! And go to all the lectures!!

Take it or Law and Economics. Attending class and paying close attention is far more important than doing all the readings.

Take this if you are interested in the subject matter and you are okay with maybe not doing that well for no reason.

Take it! Professor Leonard is a good lecturer, and it's a lot of work every two weeks with very little in between.

Definitely take this course. Leonard is a fantastic professor. Only class I've taken and attended every lecture.

Professor Leonard is an excellent professor, and the class is very interesting. Just be wary of the assignments.

Great class. Assignments are fair as long as you pay attention in lecture and take copious notes.

I would take this course - Professor Leonard is a good lecturer, and the material is interesting.

The lectures are really good - just go to them and take good notes and that's all you need.

I would recommend this course to an economics major and also a non-economics major.

It's a good class. But to do well, start the assignments early. Go to office hours.

If you need an EM, and are somewhat interested in Econ, you might as well take it.

Take this if you are looking for more theoretical economic perspectives.

I would highly recommend this course to anyone interested in economics.

Take it, if you are prepared to do a lot of work every 2-ish weeks.

Take it for a distributional. It's really not too engaging.

Beware of the subjective grading for subjective answers.

Good course to PDF; doesn't require too much thinking.

Easy course for a PDF. Interesting lectures.

Great class, easy PDF. Take it!

I would highly recommend it

TAKE IT
I would highly recommend this course. Be prepared for a good amount of reading, but if you are interested in the subject matter, this class will be immensely interesting. Especially with the research paper pretty much being on anything you want, you can explore whatever aspect of modern Japan you please.

This is a wonderful history course. Professor Garon is very passionate and very knowledgable. This is not a "easy" course in that there is a lot of reading and thus you should, and need to be, engaged. If you are interested in history and are curious about Japan, take it.

Very interesting course if you are interested in Japanese history. However, there is quite a bit of reading to do. Nevertheless, Professor Garon is a great lecturer. Exams are very broad based. Take this class seriously because there is a lot of work.

It's a great course. Japan's story during this time period is fascinating, and the readings are pretty good as well. I PDF'd it, and found it to be a satisfying PDF, though a ton of work if you do decide to do the readings.

A really great way to fulfill a distribution requirement, or if you're at all interested in Japan. Professor Garon is a great lecturer, and the paper gives an opportunity to concentrate on a specific topic.

Awesome class, take it with Garon and pray that Reut will be your preceptor. Garon supposedly only talks about his books during his precept, and social contracts are kind of boring...

Take this course. If you need an HA or just have extra time and want to learn about Japan, this course is super. The exams and papers aren't hard if you go to class and pay attention.

Take this if you're interested in Japanese history, or Asia in general. There are a lot of surprising similarities with other Asian nations. And Japan is a fascinating place.

This pairs well with interests in politics, trans-national history and History of American Capitalism. It's very transferrable to knowledge of other areas of the world.

Take it!! Great way to get your non-western req out of the way if you're in history, super interesting if you want to learn more about Japan or WWII or Asia.

Great course. Breaks down all the stereotypes one might have about Japan (especially as an American) and really dives into all aspects of society

A very interesting and entertaining course for anyone interested in East Asia. Highly, highly recommended.

Take this course, especially if you know nothing about Japan. Fascinating material, amazing lectures.

A good pick for the asian requirement in the HIS department. I would not have taken it otherwise.

It's an interesting class, but definitely the most stressful one out of my semester.

If it's offered again, definitely take it. Just be prepared to read a lot.

Do the readings and use your preceptor as a resource for the paper

If you're at all interested in Japanese history, take this course.

If you have any interest in modern Japan, take it.

Definitely take the course, it's just great.

Very entertaining lecturer.

Do the weekly readings.

Don't miss the lectures

go to lecture
Definitely take this course. This is knowledge that everyone living in America needs to know. My favorite class in HS was AP US History, but I was disappointed that it only covered up through the Vietnam war. This class is the perfect continuation. The class starts out a bit slow with Nixon, Ford, and Carter, but once we got to Reagan and onwards I was really interested in every lecture. The lectures by Kruse and Zelizer are very good, and they use a lot of media and video clips to demonstrate key events that they are talking about. I liked most of the readings, a few were a bit dry, but overall I would say they are worth doing. I'm so glad I have a much better understanding of the Reagan, Clinton, and Bush era's...all of which play a huge role in current American politics. This has been one of my favorite classes at Princeton.

TAKE THIS CLASS! So interesting and relevant. Great readings and even better lectures. Lots of great preceptors my semester too (DOV IS THE MAN. And Malkiel's precept was actually pretty good). The exams are not difficult in terms of material but the grading is VERY difficult. They consist of IDs and essays (you get the questions to the essays in advance). Even with perfect answers, almost no one gets 10/10 on the IDs.

Take this class! It's really interesting and really relevant; both Kruse and Zelizer are incredibly impressive lecturers and both are hilarious, as well. There's also very little effort required on your part, but that makes it a B class unless you really write excellent essays on your exams. (The only assessments are the midterm and final, and precept participation; there are no papers the entire semester).

Take this class- Kruse and Zelizer are great! Lectures are engaging from start to finish. It covers a time that often gets overlooked in high school classes and so many themes and events are relevant in the current political climate. Work-wise there is reading every week but only a mid term and final so not bad at all.

I would take this class again in a heartbeat. Professor Kruse is a must-have at Princeton. He's wonderful. It's an easy class to do well in. There is no real need to do the readings, although they will help for the essays during the test and they are interesting. Take this and be glad you did!

I really liked the class. Even if you're not big on history, you will probably still find it interesting because it is so contemporary and covers a lot of politics and economics. Ending with how things are today, you can really gain a good understanding of how America today formed.

I'd recommend taking this course because the material is interesting, the lectures are thorough and there isn't a terrible amount of work to do. It's definitely easy to do well as long as you attend lectures, review sessions, keep up with readings and engage in precepts.

An excellent course! Do be prepared for it to be quite slanted to the left politically, however. Other than that though, I would say take it! The workload is very reasonable, and the class is quite interesting and applicable, as it covers such recent material.

I think this is going to be the best class I will ever take here. Lectures, readings, and precepts were all great. Not a lot of work, and the exams aren't too hard. Also incredibly relevant and interesting. AMAZING Professors. DO the readings and go to lectures.

I don't care who you are, what your major is, or what distribution requirements you need filled. Take this course. The instructors are amazing, the material is fascinating, and what you're learning about is directly relevant to you, whether you know it or not.

It is an interesting course with good professors. Don't be scared about the amount of readings, you don't have to read everything word by word. Pay attention at lectures and precepts and you'll be prepared for and fine with the exams.

I highly recommend taking this course. It's super interesting, and you'll learn a lot about our country in the past 30 years or so. As long as you go to lecture and take good notes, you will probably do well on the exams.

Take this course. It's fantastic and far from demanding. Great for anyone who feels they have a gap in historical knowledge or wants a chance to examine recent trends. Also great for those who don't; it's that good.

Definitely take this course. Professor Kruse and Professor Zelizer are fantastic lecturers and you will learn so much about why the US looks the way it does today on political, economic, and social/cultural levels.

Definitely take this course. You really can't ask for more. Make sure to read as much as possible, because the lectures are particularly interesting if you've absorbed the themes of each week's book.

I would encourage future students of this course to make an effort to do all of the readings and attend every lecture. Each reading and lecture is informative, interesting, and beneficial.

Take it - you think you know stuff about Nixon/Ford/Carter/Reagan/Bush/Clinton/Bush years but you'll end up learning a lot of things that show us why the US is the way it is today.

Very politically slanted and opaquely graded. Kruse's lecturing is not as good as his reputation makes it seem. Not a terrible class, but there must be better ones out there.

I would absolutely recommend this class even with no history background but you need to be prepared to do a lot of work and stay on top of it or it won't be fun or rewarding.

This class was absolutely fabulous and I couldn't recommend it any more. The lectures were engaging and presented a view on history that many today have yet to think about.

All the lectures are awesome, with Kruse and Zelizer using videos and songs. The readings are unnecessary, there are only 2 exams and the questions are given ahead of time.

Definitely a good course for anyone interested in the course work or someone looking for an HA with a lighter work load. Lectures are much more important than the readings.

Realize that this is a survey course that will contain a lot of material. Also note that the course is very biased towards a liberal interpretation of political events.

Do all the readings, and look up any names/events/legislation you didn't quite get immediately after lecture. It will save you some time when you study for the exams.

Take this if you want to learn more about how America today is affected by its recent past. It's quite eye-opening, and I really learnt a lot! (also, Dov is great!)

Definitely take it. Doing the reading will really help you get more out of it, though the lectures alone are awesome and interesting. It's stuff we all should know.

Do the readings and try to avoid missing lectures. Also be prepared to take notes with pen and paper and write huge amounts in a very short period of time.

If you've ever wondered what happened in the US after your high school history class ended, this will tell you how the US came to be where it is.

Take it--you'll learn a ton, have some of the most interesting lectures at Princeton. But do know that it's a large class and grading isn't easy.

Don't worry about the details of the readings too much. Think throughout the course how events/people fit into the larger themes of the course.

Take it if you are at all interested in American History or are curious to learn more. Lectures are great and no work besides the exams.

There is a lot of reading every week! Stay on top of it, as your precept grade is important. The midterm and final are straightforward.

This course was generally very good. It is easy enough to get a good grade, but to get anything out of it you have to put in the work.

Kruse and Zelizer are great and engaging lecturers. You have to go to lecture to understand everything -- the reading isn't enough.

Absolutely take this class, do the readings, and go to every lecture. I felt like I was going to watch a performance every week.

Kruse and Zelizer are great and the preceptors are helpful, but the readings and precept aren't super interesting.

I would recommend taking any course with Kruse. He is a phenomenal lecturer and the course is sure to be great.

probably not worth taking for general interest, but still interesting enough if looking for a history class

I looked forward to coming to this class twice a week. If you like American history, I think you will too.

Start the readings early in the week as they can be lengthy and take notes which will help for finals.

Personal favorite course I've taken at Princeton so far. Fantastic lectures, readings, and precepts,

Take it - the past 40 years are already history, and you should learn how to analyze it.

Definitely take this course. Make sure to attend every lecture -- it will be worth it!

Take it. It is a fun and very informative class, not much work, and great preceptors.

If you're interested in modern US history or the USA in general this is a must take.

Take it!! Great lectures and interesting readings. Very important info to know too

Make time to do the readings - you will be glad when you're watching the news!

Great course for anyone interested in the material or just looking for an HA.

Very interesting class, you appreciate it more if you take 1920-1974 first

It is interesting and requires a medium amount of effort. Worth it.

Great class about modern American history right up to the present.

Take it with these professors! Careful who you get as a preceptor.

Take this class! It's fascinating and stuff everyone needs to know

Definitely attend every lecture, there is no reason not to.

Good course. Lectures are very important. Grading is fair.

Take this course. It is as close to perfect one can get.

Take this course, just know it entails a lot of work.

Amazing professors, amazing material, amazing course.

I would definitely recommend this to other students!

This is hands down my favorite course at Princeton.

Take this take this take this. You will regret not

Take it. Great lectures on very relevant material

I would definitely recommend taking this course.

TAKE THIS CLASS! SO SO GOOD AND VERY INTERESTING

Observe the one miss rule for history courses.

One of my favorite classes at Princeton.

Take this course and put effort into it.

Be careful of your precept selection.

Definitely take this - very interstin

Go to every lecture they are worth it

I would highly recommend the course.

Take this course and go to lectures!

Definitely a good history course.

Best class I took at Princeton

Best two courses I've taken.

stay up on your reading!

Definitely take it!

Definitely take it.

I loved this class.

TAKE THE COURSE!

Take the course.

Take this!

Take it!

Take it.

Take it
You don't have to do the readings to do well in the class because he gives you the topics to all the essays on the midterm/final before the tests, and that is the whole grade aside from precept participation. In precept, you have to chime in every once in a while obviously, so doing the readings would help. The examinations are nothing you wouldn't expect. Kruse is a great lecturer, tells a great story and keeps your attention with a video clip in every class relevant to the discussion. Only downer is having to take notes by hand because no computers or recording devices are allowed.

This is my favorite course that I have taken at Princeton. The lectures are great, the readings are extremely manageable and the subject matter is really interesting. This course also provided a great historical framework for the other classes that I took this semester. It is a really great course that is not a lot of work. There is only a midterm and a final and Professor Kruse gave us the essay topics before hand, so although there is a lot of material to cover, it isn't surprising or particularly stressful.

Do take this class. One note: the course is largely a social history course. Do not expect to get any foreign policy information from this course. Also, expect to study subaltern groups extensively, as well as the liberal voices of the 20th century. Conservatism, while covered, is not given the same treatment as liberal thought is. Nonetheless, this is one of the best classes at Princeton.

This is a good HA that'll give a good background in recent US history. Try to determine if Professor Kruse's lecture style works for you - he reads lectures with a lot of information in them, so if that's not something you respond to, the course might be more of a challenge. On the other hand, Professor Kruse is also extremely approachable and excited about discussing any topic further.

Take the course! If you don't have a large amount of time, at least consider PDFing it to enjoy Professor Kruse's genuinely enjoyable lectures. Reading is about a hundred pages a week, but it's not dense material and is enjoyable to consume. Study hard for the tests - there aren't outside papers, so those will make up a large part of your grade.

Even if you do not like history, this is a great course. i usually think of history as boring, but the gaps that we never explored early in our academic careers are explored in this class, and Kruse is a very good lecturer who is aware of his audience and knows how to make an engaging lecture. In addition, Dov is the man.

Take it if you like the subject. Kevin Kruse's lectures were very good, save for the fact that he didn't allow any electronic devices and spoke so fast that it was hard to catch up with everything he was saying. Also, the class is so liberally slanted that one has to wonder if the full story's being told.

I feel like a more educated person for having taken this course. I feel like a better American citizen. I would not endorse it as wholeheartedly as others, because there was definitely a liberal bias to the course. I would have preferred a more balanced perspective.

Professor Kruse is a phenomenal lecturer and if you are interested in learning US History, this is a definite course to look into. There is a great deal of reading, but it is certainly manageable. The exams were very fair and we knew what was expected coming into them.

This class is a phenomenal overview of American history. While it may seem impossible to keep up with Professor Kruses lecturing-style, the class is one of my favorites at Princeton. The readings were really engaging, the examinations were fair, and I learned SO much.

Wonderful course. Moderate amount of work; totally manageable. Engaging lectures and precepts without unnecessary busy work Just the good, none of the bad. Take this class even if you think you have a good knowledge of American history. Still fascinating.

A good course, but a bit overrated. Kruse is an excellent lecturer but the scope of materials presented is limited and you end up missing some key aspects of the period. Read through the list of readings beforehand and see if the course will be for you.

Definitely take it. Professor Kruse definitely has his ideology, but even a person of a different ideology (like myself) can and will enjoy the course. It's my favorite one this semester. It made me seriously consider history as a major.

You won't regret taking this course -- just make sure you have great study skills because the amount of reading that you are expected to do can add up. And it'll all come back by test time... so do the readings! And go to the lectures!

This course is definitely a must-take for anyone who wants to understand how American society became what it is today. It is truly amazing to be able to see the parallels between current events and this course's material.

If you have a remote interest in American History you absolutely have to take this class. Do yourself a favor, because you will learn a ton that you probably didn't know without killing yourself with work.

not an awesome course...but not hard or anything, very straightforward. pick a good preceptor so that you actually learn something and participate, which counts apparently for 30% of your final grade...

Good class with a great professor, but be warned that the grading for the class is kind of random with its reliance on the precept grade and two exams. This does make it a great PDF class though.

Without a doubt take this class. Whether you love American history or you need to fulfill an HA, this is the way to do it. It's interesting and fun and Professor Kruse is a rockstar/history god.

TAKE IT. Interesting material, great lecturer, predictable exams. Beware though, strict no-computers policy for lecture and some precepts. GET DOV AS YOUR PRECEPTOR. Best preceptor at Princeton.

This course has a good balance of work, the midterm exam was not too hard, and really interesting. Professor Kruse is a great lecturer and my preceptor was also extremely knowledgable.

Do most of the reading, but you can get away with avoiding it sometimes. Definitely attend all precepts, as your grade is partially contingent upon attendance and participation.

This course is focused on presidential elections and the ways presidents/candidates garnered support of the voters. Expect a liberal bias and to only focus on domestic politics.

This is a really great class for majors and non-majors if you are interested in American history. It also has a nice combination of cultural, political and economic history.

Take this course, go to EVERY SINGLE LECTURE, and try to do the reading (but if you can't it's not crucial). Make study groups before the exams to cover each week.

For a HA requirement I would not recommend this. I would recommend something that people say is an interesting class. This class got boring towards the end.

It's not a hard course, but it was basically AP US history. If you took that, don't take this again. The grading is also really ridiculous and strict.

Professor Kruse is great and he runs a great class. If you enjoyed AP US in high school and want to go into more depth, this is the class for you.

Absolutely take this class. Do most of the reading, go to the precepts, and go to lectures! (Kruse is such a great lecturer that the time flies.)

Take this class if you like American History or want to experiment with history in general. It feels great to know this era so much in depth.

Do the readings and prep for the exams ahead of time. Try tape recording the lectures as writing all the facts can be difficult.

Great course taught by a great professor (Kruse).Take it for your HA, the workload is not overwhelming and it's interesting.

I would take this class if you have any interest in US history, the lectures are awesome, and you will learn quite a bit.

I would highly recommend the course if you have an interest in the material or are looking to hear a great lecturer.

I would strongly recommend this course to anyone who is interested in history because it will not disappoint.

Take it. It's a great course with minimal work if you pay attention in lecture and do some of the readings

This is a great class, especially if you need an HA. Very engaging lectures, and interesting material.

Take it! The teacher is a great lecturer, the readings are interesting and the exams are fair. Do it!

I strongly recommend HIS 383 and its sister course HIS 362, which will be running in the Fall.

I highly recommend this course. Best lectures I've had at Princeton and interesting readings.

Definitely take this course. Great lecturer, great precepts, manageable, and interesting.

You absolutely have to take this class if it is offered. You simply cannot pass it up

Challenging course but worth it. Specifically if you're an American history lover.

Take this course, professor kruse is awesome and the topic is really interesting.

Definitely take this class! Do not miss any lectures and do all the readings.

Take it. Know though, that laptops aren't allowed, in case that's a concern.

Definitely take a course with Professor Kruse, he is an amazing lecturer!!

Do all of the readings and go to lecture, as both are very stimulating

Best course I have taken at Princeton thus far. Kruse cannot be beat.

Take it. It gives you a much better understanding of modern America.

Take this course and any other course with Prof. Kruse that you can.

Take this course. Lectures were great and readings also, great.

TAKE THIS CLASS!!! And go to lecture, that's the best part.

If you love American history, this is the course for you.

Very good course. Be sure to take good notes in lecture.

Good class to take to understand the United States' past

very good course.. Dov was the best preceptor imaginable

Take it, and go to lectures. They are the best part.

Very interesting class; lectures are well done.

It's a great American history course!

Take it if any interest in US history

take it. you won't regret it.

Take it and do the readings!

Definitely worth taking.

Keep up on the readings.

Highly recommended.

Lots of reading.

Take this class.

Take this class

Dov is da man.

Good course

Take it!

Take it.

Take it
TAKE THIS COURSE. It'll make you see gender and sexuality in an entirely different light. You'll learn a lot -- not just about the history of sexuality, but also how it exists in our current society. And to those who think the entire field is a joke, think again. Gender and sexuality play a greater role in the way you behave and interact with others than almost anything else.

Since there is so much information that is given about so many groups in many different time periods, it would help to create a chart or some kind of diagram to keep track of these groups. Since there is so much reading, it would also help to write a sentence or two as a summary for each reading so you can remember what the reading was about.

Definitely take this course! If you're going for the Gender and Sexuality Studies Certificate, it works great and if you are just interested in taking an HA, this class is for you. You learn a lot of history of the 20th century that is usually passed over, but is incredibly interesting. I would definitely take this class again.

Best class of the semester and I was in some excellent classes! Professor Canaday is amazing and introduces you to an alternative history of America that you don't learn in high school (try to get into her precept--it's worth it!). I would take it again if I could!

This is the best course I have taken at Princeton. Your views on sexuality and gender (even if you've been taking gender studies classes) will be drastically altered after you study them in the context of changing views throughout the 1900s.

Take this course! It is not a small amount of work but it is so interesting and makes you consider your own identity and how you approach the world. A course I will not forget quickly.

One of the best courses I've ever taken at Princeton. Professor Canaday is an amazing lecturer and professor. An incredible way to look at modern American history.

If you're interested in the topics, you will get A LOT from this course. There is so much I have learned, and I thought I already knew a bit about these topics.

TAKE THIS COURSE it is FANTASTIC. Even if you don't think you're interested, this stuff is so relevant to our lives and so fascinating. Prof. Canaday is amazing.

This is a wonderful course. I had never studied gender and sexuality before, and this class gave me an incredibly fantastic foundation in gender history.

This class is great, definitely take it. If you keep up with the readings and go to lectures (which are all really interesting) you will do fine.

I would really recommend taking this class. The topic is so interesting and important and Prof. Canaday is one of the best professors here.

Take it if you have any interest in gender and sexuality studies (or if you identify with any of the marginalized groups studied).

Definitely take this class! I would especially encourage men to take the class and not to be deterred by the feminist angle.

one of my favorite classes so far! the readings and writing assignments are so interesting. Canaday is an amazing lecturer!

Definitely take it! It's not the easiest course, but it's the most interesting one that I've taken at Princeton!

Take it! Amazing course, amazing professor!Fair papers and examination. You won't regret it!

Definitely worth it. Puts in perspective a lot of modern day American politics and issues.

I would highly recommend this course and try to get Alexandra Lerner if she is precepting.

I would strongly recommend this class. It changed my perspective on history altogether.

TAKE THIS COURSE! It will change the way you look at American history and citizenship.

Its an interesting topic, but the lectures are mediocre and the readings are dense.

basically everyone at princeton should take this course. good life knowledge.

definitely take. I thought it a very engaging course.

Do the work and it will be a good experience.

Definitely take this course.

Highly recommended.

take this class!

TAKE THIS CLASS.

do ittttttttt
This is an amazing course if you are interested in the subject or just history in general. It requires a little self-dedication to keep up with the readings and to ask questions, but the professor is fantastic and you will understand Afghanistan in great depth by the time you are done.

TAKE THIS! I learned so much about Afghanistan and America's mistakes throughout the war. I am much better informed about the Middle East in general and have a much better understanding of current event.s

If you want a class that isn't a lot of work, at least outside of the 5 total days or so you spend writing/reading for the papers, and you're interested in the topic, then absolutely take this class.

Take it! Its hard to pay attention for 3 hours straight, but do your best because Prof. Barry has a lot to offer but if you aren't paying attention in class you won't get to hear what he is saying.

you absolutely MUST take this course! I learned more about Pakistan and Afghanistan than I would have ever learned through reading on my own. The papers can be a bit rough, but the grading is fair.

Take this course. You need to enjoy a class with Michael Barry before graduating. He's so knowledgeable about Afghanistan, with all of his experience in the country. You may regret not taking it.

If you enter with a strong interest in Afghan affairs, this course might be very rewarding. Also, do not be taken aback by the 4 expensive pequod packets - you don't need to buy them.

Take this course if it is the last thing you do. Professor Barry is the best teacher at Princeton. Go to his office hours for the coolest life stories and amazing conversation.

Maybe, if you are willing to actually sit through those lectures. DEFINITELY, talk separately with Barry, this is where he shines.

It was a pretty work-light course with an interesting subject, but sitting through the 3 hour lectures was pretty tough.

I struggle to sit still for a three-hour class, however, if you are interested in the subject material, take the class!

3 hour lectures are not a real way to learn. But Barry is very supportive to any student expressing interest.

Go to office hours to get to know Professor Barry because he is such an interesting person to talk to!

Absolutely take it if you have any interest in the region. Michael Barry is a fantastic professor.

An interesting class. Attend all of the lectures as they are extremely interesting and pertinent.

Even though Barry doesn't check if you've done the reading, do it because it's fascinating

Do not take it if you can't sit through 3 hours of lectures.

Definitely take it, just be prepared to manage your time

Great instructor interesting material = awesome course

If you only take one course at Princeton, this is it.

Just take the class-- it's so worth it. He's amazing.

Take this course at some point. It's worth it.

Take the class, you will not regret it.

Easiest grading I've ever seen.

If you need an HA take this.

Take it! Barry is amazing!

pretty light workload.

Just take it!

Take it!

TAKE IT
This is a very solid--but not mind-blowing--introduction to modern political thought. This is a course mostly about the works themselves, not their historical context (other than the American and French revolutions very generally). If you're interested in political theory and are independently motivated to keep up with the readings and really think about the papers, you'll enjoy this course. But if not--if you want something that will more actively engage you--consider another course. Or take it with a friend or two--I got a lot out of informally discussing the material before class.

This is a reading intensive course, so if you sign up for it make sure you have the time to read at least some of the material during the semester. It is possible to catch up on the reading during breaks, but staying on top of things will save you from headaches later on in the course.

It's helpful to have background knowledge in political theory, since the content of the class is challenging. However, Professor Ryan is an excellent professor and it's certainly worth it for whoever's willing to take on the challenge. The workload is very manageable.

POL 303 was a really engaging course...you have to let go of some modern presuppositions and really grapple with what philosophers of centuries past dealt, and if you can't just go to lecture and listen to the stories Professor Ryan will tell.

It is a lot of reading, but this course is very enriching and gives you an excellent grasp on political theory if you do all of the reading. I would recommend this class to anyone interested in political theory.

Be ready for some tedious lectures that may be hard to stay up in, but the thinkers discussed in this class are so amazing that you may find some of the most intellectually stimulating ideas in this class.

I don't know, I personally did not find myself that interested in political theory. But if you were I bet you would find this a serious, demanding, engaging, and stimulating course.

This is a good, solid course. The material is interesting and that sort of stuff that everybody should know. There is a lot of readings, but not a ridiculous amount.

I would recommend this if you're looking for a broad overview of critical political thinkers. The teacher is great and the material is interesting.

Good introduction to political theory, good as a general distribution requirement or to test the waters and how you feel about political theory.

Take this course if you have even a passing interest in politics or philosophy. It is worth your while and greatly enhances your thinking.

Definitely do the readings! You really won't understand what's going on otherwise and it's obvious in precept if you can't contribute.

I am a science major and I still think this class was extremely engaging an interesting. One of my best courses here!

Take this course! It was very interesting and made you defend (and perhaps change) your views on the world.

Sit close to Professor Ryan during lecture. It's a lot of work to do well, but reasonably light to PDF.

This was one of the best courses I've taken. Make sure to do the readings carefully and thoroughly.

Only take if you're interested in theory and have some background in European history/politics.

Be prepared to read a lot. But generally interesting and Ryan is certainly a character.

Do all the readings. Think about them- this is necessary for the exams and essays.

Take this, especially if you're interested in the theoretical aspect of politics.

I strongly recommend this class to any political majors.

read head the assigned readings - they are a lot!

Make sure you stay on top of your readings

A lot of work, but really interesting.

Do the readings.

Take it.

Don't.
I think the precept for this class is the best precept I've had at Princeton--Macedo designs it so that students are assigned to present different sides of whatever ethics debate we are engaging in that week, and are forced to speak about it as if defending that side. It means that everyone talks and has a really good discussion, without being nervous that people are judging them for what they're saying--but also that people are getting past the superficial "it's interesting that..." and instead actually engaging with the issues. The lectures were great! Macedo is really animated and excited, and also provides a good overview of the readings, which is especially helpful when they're really dense and complicated. He's also great about incorporating student commentary into the lectures and often calls on students by name to allow them to contribute to the discussions--so impressive in a 150-person lecture!

the course is very interesting and the professor is great. The class is really interesting and its not a lot of work either. The reading might seem a lot but it is very interesting and the professor guides us on which ones to focus on. The class also had guest speakers which made it more interesting with the likes of Professor Peter SInger coming in to talk to us. The precepts were even more intellectually stimulating with debates organized in each precept. There is never a dull day so you can always participate. At the same time its a lecture class so if youre not in the mood you can also just stay away from action also. But overall its a great class, very interesting, great professor and no background knowledge of moral philosophy or anything of that sort is required.

I really enjoyed taking this course. I learned a lot both in terms of material and how to think critically in terms of ethical issues and the implications for public policy. If you're interested at all (or not, I wasn't at first) in ethics or politics at all, you should definitely take this course. Even though my background is in science and I had never taken a course like this before, I was able to keep up with what was going on with no problem.

Take this course! Professor Macedo is personable, engaging, and deeply invested in these issues. This course is well-structured, and it will color the way you approach conversations and courses well into the future. Enjoy the readings, really engage with the papers, and speak up in lecture. If you are invested in the questions this course asks you to consider, you will learn a great deal about policy-making and about your own convictions.

Take this class. The majority of the lectures are really interesting and engaging, and the debate format of the precepts made for a lively discussion--no more precepts with awkward silences! Papers and exams are very fair, and the professors and preceptors are great. If you can, try to get Michael Lamb as your preceptor. He was wonderful!

Take it if you need to fulfill EM. Lectures are kinda boring but the precepts are fun, with the debates, and papers are not bad. But the debates in precepts require that you actually do the readings, but you know before hand exactly what side of the debate you are on so you only have to do like one of the readings which is super convenient.

This is a very reading-intensive course. However, the readings are very interesting. The discussions touch on subjects very relevant to current affairs such as torture or same-sex marriage. It was amazing to talk about concepts that came into play in day-to-day politics, especially with the elections happening.

Lectures and topics are very interesting and cover many current issues of public policy. Definitely an accessible course on ethics for those who do not like philosophy heavy courses. You read some of the seminal works in ethics and the course is a great way to cover an EC as well as the WWS ethics requirement.

If a student is looking for a course in order to make a decision regarding a major in the Woodrow Wilson department, I would highly recommend this course. It is very easy to keep up with and the material is incredibly interesting. Professor Macedo is also very approachable and fair in his examinations.

If morals are your thing, and you like thinking about these things, then yeah, take it. If you have any appreciation or a desire for aesthetics in life, like you love art, then probably this class will probably send you back everyday thinking "aren't ethics self - evident"

I definitely recommend taking this course, but only if you're willing to do the reading. It's engaging and interesting, but a lot of reading. All politics/woody woo majors, and even just those who consider themselves politically active should take this class.

It's really important to learn to think about politics in this way! If you are at all interested in politics, or the government, or history, or even just reading the newspaper and trying to understand how you feel about the issues, then take this class!

Good course for WWS or just for satisfying a requirement. The subject matter stretches over a lot of different material and has a lot of current events incorporated so its easy to follow along. Lectures are great and Macedo is the dude. Well run class.

Absolutely take this course! You will get all of the philosophical background of many other intro classes on the subject and also be able to apply it to policy issues in interesting ways. Plus, Professor Macedo is absolutely fantastic.

An interesting class, and good way to take care of the WWS ethics requirement. However, the emphasis for grading is on how well you write philosophy-style papers, which can be difficult with no prior philosophy experience

This is a great course. It's challenging but Professor Macedo is an interesting lecturer and my precept with Michael Lamb was awesome...we debated ethical issues and really helped you formulate an informed position.

Hard to get a good grade on the papers, but its a really well designed course (especially the reading selections-- the lectures alone won't really prepare you). Also, super-important for social science disciplines!

I would say that attendance of lectures and precept is basically mandatory, but as long as attention is paid during those times, then this class should be manageable and, more importantly, interesting.

Ethics is based on extremely relevant topics in politics today. It is a reading heavy load, but is definitely worth it. I recommend it to anyone who enjoys debates and morally complicated isues.

Pretty solid class. Definitely take if you're interested in this kind of stuff. I'm not ecstatic when it comes to theory and ethics and whatnot, but I still had a decent enough time here.

I would definitely recommend taking this course, but would make sure to let people know that it does come with a sizable chunk of, at times, dense reading that might not be for everyone.

This is a really interesting course. It is quite challenging, as it involves a lot of readings, and there's a paper very early on (second week, I think), but I definitely recommend it.

Definitely take this class! It inspired me to consider a Woodrow Wilson School major. The amount of work is reasonable and Professor Macedo makes it a whole lot more interesting!

Stay on top of the readings! You will be potentially tested on all of the readings for the midterm and final, so they're worth doing! Also, they're usually pretty interesting!

Take this course! You will learn so much. Be sure to do the readings and keep a running list of key terms, thinkers, and perspectives, as it will help you come exam time.

It's a philosophy course. Be prepared to do a lot of reading and to endure a lot of BS during precept. But the topics are interesting, and Macedo is a decent lecturer.

Professor Macedo is great. You should definitely take this course if you are at all interested in ethics and becoming a well-informed voter on policy issues.

Take this course. It is not a Philosophy departmental, but it is (from what I've heard and experienced) the best philosophy class Princeton has to offer.

This class is very informative, and can actually change the way you look at the world. The readings are onerous, but it pays off come mid-term-time.

No presumed knowledge on ethics - great course to look at some of today's current affairs from a moral perspective. Take it even if not a WWS major.

Be prepared for a large amount of reading. It might not always be absolutely necessary to finish the readings, but it is definitely recommendable!

Absolutely take it even if you're not a WWS major but you want to systematically think about social policy issues. Really, really good class.

Reading heavy, but pay attention and you'll be good. Do the big readings for sure. One of the best classes I've taken--Macedo is great.

This course will challenge you and probably make you question your self, which can be a very rewarding and intellectual experience!

An interesting but not revolutionary class on Politics and morality. The two papers and two exams were a fair assessment I think.

Take it. Take it take it take it. If you care at all about social policy or different systems of thought it'll be worthwhile.

Take this class! It is a lot of work but worth the effort. The topics are genuinely interesting and relevant to our world.

If you don't mind exploring a variety of issues instead of looking more deeply into a few, this course is a great choice!

Some of the concepts in this class may be difficult to grasp at first, but it is definitely worth taking.

Take this class if only to get rid of an EM. It is really interesting and Macedo is an awesome professor.

take this class. it is really really fascinating. the material is fantastic and professor macedo is great

Take it if you must. It's a lot of work if you are just trying to fulfill an EC requirement.

Very interesting and thought provoking. The debate format of precept was very helpful.

Take it for personal development, or if you're very interested in ethics as a study.

Definitely take it - Macedo is a great lecturer, and precepts are super engaging

Take it! It's really accessible, for anyone without a background in philosophy

The preceptors and professor have high expectations, but it's a great class!

Do all the readings before lecture, and go to your preceptors office hours.

Take it! Very interesting and a great way to fulfill your EM requirement.

Stop and drop whatever you're doing and take this course. It is da best.

Definitely take this class if youre interested in the subject matter.

Good class to take whether prereq, departmental, or just in general.

Take it! Great EM on super interesting and relevant material

One of my favorite classes at Princeton. Macedo is great!

take it. science majors --> it's worth it. easy pdf too

Take this course, but be prepared for a lot of work!

Take it but pay attention in lecture really well.

Take it, either for fun or a requirement.

I would recommend taking this course.

Yes, explores interesting topics.

A good, interesting course.

Definitely take this class

Take it only if interested

Eh, it's a requirement.

If offered, take it.

Good class to take!

take it!
TAKE THIS COURSE! Professor Beitz is one of the best professors you will come across during your time in Princeton. He's very friendly and extremely knowledgeable. The content of this course is not fluffy at all--a lot of it relates to everyday life and this will give you insight on pressing global issues of today. The reading is extremely doable which is the best part, and the assignments are fair.

Do close readings of the texts. Discuss your papers ahead of time with your preceptor to make sure you can make a coherent argument. For the final, study all of your notes from lecture because the lectures do a really good job of summarizing the material and the authors. Then go through your highlighting in the readings to make it all sink in again. And of course go to lecture. It's very engaging.

You should definitely take this class, or anything by Beitz. He's so organized, and you feel like you're just on a luxury cruise in this class, it runs seamlessly. You learn a lot, and you have a lot of fun in the process. You can't say that about many classes.

Professor Beitz organization of this course was excellent. His lectures were always well prepared and well organized and they were extremely useful in helping me understand the information in the readings and the overall important concepts for the course.

POL 313 is an upper level politics course but it is definitely manageable in terms of the course work. The class is extremely well run. The topics are also really interesting and applicable to modern times. I would recommend taking this course.

You should take this course if you are interested in global issues. It's a fair course and the readings aren't bad. You might struggle during lecture to stay interested, but this shouldn't hamper your interest in the course.

This class was very good... I recommend getting a tape recorder for lectures where Professor Beitz speaks particularly quickly and taking the time to read everything and take notes on it!

If you are interested in taking a politics course, International Relations might be less abstract and a more appropriate choice, especially if you are a freshman.

I would recommend this course as a distribution requirement to people who are interested in the course because there is not a lot of work on a day to day basis.

Take this class if you're interested in the subject material, it's not one to blow off, but it's really interesting and Beitz's lectures are great!

Definitely take this course. It was interesting and didn't require an obscene amount of work. It should fit into people's schedules very easily.

This is a must-take class. Professor Beitz is an outstanding lecturer and the material is engaging. You won't be disappointed so take it!!

Take it if you have any interest in IR or theory - this course does a great job of showing the intersection of these disciplines.

Take this if you're interested in issues of international justice! And if you can't do all the readings, just go to lecture.

Do your reading early and keep good notes. Go to lecture - you will know what points are important and which ones aren't.

I liked the course and learned a lot, but there are probably better politics classes with an EM distribution requirement.

Make sure you have at least a basic knowledge of political theory, or you will find this class very difficult, as I did.

Do it, even if you don't do any of the readings. Beitz has a lot of interesting things to say and presents it well.

Everyone with the slightest interest in political theory should take this class and get Jim Wilson as a preceptor!!!

I would recommend to take the course if they were interested in a thorough analysis of important current events.

Its a good course, go to lecture and if you can do the readings it will really help. Beitz is a great professor.

If you have a basic interest in global justice, this would probably be an appropriate class for you to take.

This is a very good and interesting course, but expect a large amount of work and a ton of reading to do.

I would highly recommend this to anyone who needs a EM and wants an interesting and practical course.

Take it if you like the subject matter, an excellent professor, great material, and able preceptors.

I would recommend it. It's not too difficult, and it has lots of interesting material.

If you need to complete the ethics requirement for WWS, definitely take this.

if you like political theory, this is a great class and you will be engaged.

I would recommend this course to those interested in political philosophy.

As long as Professor Beitz is teaching it, you ABSOLUTELY should take it.

Very challenging political philosophy course. Don't take it as an intro.

For someone who, like me, doesn't enjoy philosophy, this is a good EM.

Do the reading ahead of lecture, makes everything so much easier.

Beitz is a great lecturer and the readings are excellent!

Definitely Definitely take the course. Won't regret it.

I strongly recommend this course. It is fantastic.

It's not a class to take lightly.

Great professor, hard class.

Take it and do the readings.

beware of the philosophy.

its okay, not the best

nice politics course

Take this course!

Go for it.
You will hear that this is the "best course at Princeton." That is not true. It is tremendously overrated. Professor George's lectures are okay, but on the whole fairly boring. Precept discussion is pretty superficial. Mainly, it's a bunch of politics tools jumping out of their seats to show how smart they are. It gets its reputation for being difficult not because the material is actually so challenging or hard to grasp- there is simply a fetish for giving low grades. That being said, I definitely learned something in the class, so my final message would be mainly to not get too giddy about the prospect of taking "con interp" as you look through the course offerings.

Constitutional interpretation is a really interesting topic, and this course takes a great approach to the very interesting questions you have to face when deciding how the Court ought to act and how it does act. Robbie George's lectures don't necessarily rub me the right way, but he certainly does put on a show, and I think many people enjoyed them a lot. Precept was high quality across the board, and it is where the real learning happens.

Take this course if you are interested in the subject matter. It's not for everyone, and it's undoubtedly more difficult than many other politics courses, but if you are interested in learning more about the Constitution and want to be taught by one of the best (and most famous!) professors here, take this class. You may get a slightly lower grade than you want, but in my opinion, it's worth it.

Definitely take this course! It is amazing and has some interesting material. You shouldn't be deterred from the course if your views aren't in line with Professor George's views because he doesn't get political in the class. You are looking at a midterm that is about 30% and a final paper that is about 40%. You'll definitely feel prepared to write the papers after 12 weeks of this course!

There's no excuse not to take this class. The grading's tough, but George, the readings, and the preceptors are amazing. You'll really change the way you think about law and the constitution--not because you're morphing to George's philosophy, but rather because you UNDERSTAND all the issues. Just be ready to fully understand and faithfully represent both sides, or essays will be no fund.

Take it! It will change the way you look at the constitutional dimensions of many of the political issues you care about the most. The papers are hard (in my opinion), but it's a class worth taking while you're at Princeton.

Take it. If you're worried that it will screw your GPA then you have a shallow intellectual curiosity and have completely misunderstood the point of attending a school like Princeton.

This course is very difficult, but it is SO WORTH IT. Take this course. Statistically, you are unlikely to get an A. It don't matta. Take this course, Professor George is incredible.

If you don't mind the fact that it's extremely extremely difficult to get a good grade, you should take it. And you should be fully invested in it as much as possible.

Take this course if you have any interest in law or government. Do as much of the reading as you can and think about the links to broader judicial philosophies.

It's the "must take" at Princeton for students interested in law and rightly so. You will grapple with fundamental issues of interpretation and learn a lot.

An excellent course for anyone interested in American law or government... extremely informative and engaging. Lots of work, but all for a good reason.

If you have any interest at all about how the court and the laws shape our understanding and the functioning of law today, please take this class.

Take this course if you have any interest in the material. I really enjoyed this class and would highly recommend it.

A ton of work. Seriously. But I feel more accomplished and more understanding of the world after passing this class.

Hands down the hardest course I've ever taken. Also the best course I've ever taken. A must-take before graduation!

TAKE IT! it is so applicable to real-world debates. you will be a more informed and engaged citizen as a result.

This class is a lot of work, but great if you're interested in law. Professor George is a great lecturer.

It's really hard. I struggled. But it was probably worth it. Def takes some investment of time.

great course, demanding, but grading is not as unfair as the reputation might lead you to believe.

Worth it if you're really interested in domestic/constitutional law. Not so much otherwise.

Take this course! But do ALL of the reading. The final exam in tough so start it early.

The work is worth it. One of the most rewarding courses I have taken at Princeton.

Take this course unless you are afraid that you will do poorly (You can't PDF).

TAKE THIS COURSE. THIS COURSE SHOULD BE REQUIRED FOR ALL STUDENTS AT PRINCETON.

Anyone interested in American history or politics needs to take this class.

You will be a better citizen of the United States if you take this course.

You've got to be willing to put the work in. Take notes on the readings!

I would definitely recommend taking this course to all students.

Definitely worth taking. Even if the grades are a little tough.

If you are interested in politics this course is a must take.

Do all the readings one can do. Otherwise, you'll miss out.

Be prepared to allocate most of your time to this course.

One of the best courses that you will find at Princeton.

Take this course ONLY if you are serious about politics.

Take this class, regardless of your major or class year

Take this course but be ready to do horribly in it!

Do not graduate without taking this course.

Look at all the other reviews!

TAKE THIS

Take it!

Take it.
Definitely take this course!!! Try to keep on top of the readings, even though you can't actually get through all of them with a full course load. Make sure to spend time with the political theory readings and the general readings about International Justice and Humanitarian Intervention (A Problem from Hell, Stay the Hand of Vengeance, etc.). Most importantly, GO TO LECTURE. The lectures are by far the most engaging part of any course you will take at Princeton, and illuminate well not only the concepts, but also so many things you wanted to know about the world. This is a difficult class but it is well worth it.

This class is amazing! If you have any interest on learning about world issues and current events in the context of political theories, take it! Gary Bass is an amazing lecturer, however a bit intimidating. The lectures are really good, but sometimes make you feel terrible and you walk out being super depressed. But it is still really enlightening. Also, Rohan is a wonderful preceptor! He's the best!

Professor Bass is extremely opinionated. If you can get past the fact that he holds extremely strong opinions, this will be one of the best lectures you can attend at Princeton. Fascinating subject, very limited in scope. Essentially discusses human rights as: genocide, torture, and terrorism. Little introduction to economic human rights, women's rights, or children's rights.

Take it. Bass is a great lecturer and Anna is a fantastic preceptor. Lots of reading but it is all worth it and will carry over to pretty much any other politics course you take. This class will make you reevaluate your personal beliefs, American foreign policy, and your future plans. Best course I've taken at Princeton.

This is one of the best classes I've taken at Princeton. Professor Bass is an awesome and hilarious lecturer, and my preceptor was amazing. The material is really interesting and is presented extremely well. It's kind of a lot of reading, but so worth it--you'll learn a lot!

I definitely recommend this course. But try not to be in Prof. Bass's precept. I think I would have benefited from another instructor's perspective on the topics. It's a TON of reading -- make a reading group. But a fair and interesting course.

A very good class with a few spectacular moments. Especially if you have limited background in IR and international politics, it will really influence the way you think about the world. Even if it's not this one, take a class with Bass.

TAKE IT. Gary Bass is one of the best professors on campus. Readings can be long but it's easy to skim them and get most of the ideas from lecture. This was my favorite course freshman year and it convinced me to change my major.

Don't take Gary Bass' precept, he's a complete a**hole if you aren't chosen as one of his 'favorite' couple students. I'm not sure how the course was for other precepts but the material was very interesting.

Definitely take, I'm not a pol major / this is the first pol class I ever took and it's nice because it's more empirical and not super theoretical so it's very immediately interesting

Bass is a great lecturer and the content is very applicable to current American positions and issues people should be aware of. Exams are A LOT of memorization so be ready for that.

good class for an introduction to much of recent history and some theories of IR. If you are at all knowledgable about such things, much of this course will be redundant.

This course was great and I encourage anyone to take it who is interested in international affairs, the history of violence, or just wants to have a great class.

It is a lot of reading, but the material is so interesting and Bass is such a great lecturer that it will be worth it. One of my favorite courses at Princeton.

Take it. The readings may be a lot for one person, so get a study group together. It will save you so much time and will make the overall semester much easier.

Everyone should take this class! It's a little more work but totally worth it. Professor Bass is awesome and each lecture was awesome.

Take the course. There are no other courses at Princeton I know of that can teach your about a similar subject matter.

Take it. Bass is an amazing lecturer. You learn a lot. Just keep in mind that it's more empirical than theoretical.

Make sure you keep up on terms that are written on the board in beginning of lecture!

Really depends on the student. At least give it a try if you're interested.

Go to every lecture, make a reading group and keep up with the readings

Do the readings, but try to actively work the connections withim them.

Take it!! It's a lot of work, but Bass' lectures are worth it.

I definitely recommend others to take this class!!!

Read everything and go to all lectures

Definitely take this course!

Must take this class!

Take the class

take it!

none
An incredible course. It's not easy -- tons of reading -- but Professor Bass is a world-class lecturer. Two notes: 1) Try splitting the readings with a (trusted) friend if (let's be honest, when) you find yourself unable to complete the readings 2) If you can, avoid Professor Bass as a preceptor. If Richard Jordan is still precepting, definitely make his precept your top choice.

If you are looking for a fantastic and engaging course that will challenge your assumptions about wars and US foreign policy, this is the course. Don't fear the high number 388. I'm an engineer and an athlete and I was fine with never taking a course on politics before 388. All you have to do is be interested, which isn't hard with Prof. Bass.

Absolutely take it. Great introduction to international relations. It will teach you to look at the world and state relations that we hear about on a daily basis with a critical eye. In an age of terrorism, nuclear weapons and the decline of the U.S., this is stuff we should all be thinking about.

The course is a very effective introduction to the subject. The readings are a good mix of political science literature, some popular press, plus a few must-read classics (Thucydides, Kant), and Prof. Bass is a gifted lecturer who conveys facts and concepts particularly well.

Excellent course. Not sure I learned a lot about war, particularly since I had learned lots about these theories in other classes, but the historical background and Bass's lectures were enough to make this class worth while.

Take this course instead of POL 240. Many of the same themes are covered, although this course moves at a faster pace and has a specific focus on war. That said, Bass is a great lecturer and a pretty funny guy.

This class is a lot of work and is very reading-heavy. I also felt like many of the other students in the course had a lot of background in the subject, so perhaps it's best to take this as an upperclassmen.

I highly recommend this course for anyone with IR interests. Bass has pretty much changed the direction of my career from what was probably going to be finance to now considering a job in DC.

Take it, attend lecture, do the readings, and you will do well. Not a joke class, but not a constant stress. Totally worth the work you need to put in.

Take this course. It's one you will remember. Bass is one of the best professors I've ever had and I wish I had had class with him before my senior year.

Take it! Gary Bass is a stud, lecture quality is amazing, subject material is excellent and lectures are at a convenient afternoon hour.

Great class but be prepared to do a lot of reading, which is not optional since precept participation is a fourth of your grade.

If you have any interest in war or foreign relations, take the course. Or just take it because Prof. Bass is incredible.

Bass is a boss professor who owns every lecture. Get a study group to split up the huge amount of readings.

Take it no matter your major, can be tough but worth it... Bass's lectures alone make it worth it

Go to lecture, because Professor Bass is one of the best lecturers I've had yet.

Take this class. Very interesting, great professor and reasonable assignments.

Super interesting and worthwhile. Great lecturer and pertinent material.

Take it! You'll learn a lot and be very stimulated by the process.

Prepare to read a lot and have your mind blown on a weekly basis.

Shop precepts, it changes the entire experience of the course.

TAKE IT! The course is exciting and Prof. Bass is hilarious.

stay up to date on your readings and read the NY times!

While difficult the course is extremely rewarding.

Absolutely take this course. Do all the readings.

I wish I could take this course again. And again.

Absolutely take this class. Regardless of major.

Take it. Gary Bass is phenomenal.

Go to lectures. Gary Bass rocks.

TAKE IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Definitely take it!

Take it take it

Take it.

Take it

Do it!
I'd recommend this course as a distributional requirement but also for those interested in psychology. As a distributional requirement, there is not that much outside work to do except in reading the textbook, which is actually an engaging experience. This course works very well as a P/D/F course, because there are only two exams and one paper. You will have to participate in research experiments and make precept posts, but it is not very difficult. Outside of a distributional course, Professor Comer makes the lectures and material very engaging and even funny at times. I'd recommend this course for those looking for that fifth course to take, but also for those interested in psychology as well.

This is a joke course and everyone, including the professor, knows it. If you want that, good, if not, be warned. Comer's teaching style consists of reading straight out of his own textbook and showing movie clips that don't serve much purpose other than to waste time. The material isn't terribly difficult, but come exam time, you will realize that 80% of what you are expected to know has never even been brought up in lectures, and must be entirely self-taught from the book. If you need an easy SA, this is it, but otherwise this course is so poorly taught that you might be frustrated. Just learn to sit back and laugh with friends during lecture, or just don't go.

Comer's lectures are kind of supplementary to the textbook readings: whatever he says in lecture is in the book, but he doesn't cover everything in the book. Keep in mind that the exams are textbook-based and are surprisingly technical. If you don't keep up with the textbook readings, though, I'd suggest attending lecture so you can understand the precept readings. Overall, I thought the class gave me a good survey of mental illness and the challenges clinicians face with diagnosis/treatment.

Do the textbook readings! The exams only cover the textbook chapters, not the precept readings. All of the reading is interesting, but the precept readings are not sufficient for the exams. Take notes on the textbook chapters throughout the semester, so that you don't have to memorize so much right before the exam. Focus on the bolded words and the chapter summaries at the end of each chapter!

The subject, readings, and precepts for this class are interesting. However, the lectures are not particularly useful (given that they didn't cover all of the material on the tests) nor exciting. If you want a broad but cursory look at abnormal psychology, though, this course might be good, because it does not require a big time commitment.

The lectures take a while to get used to because Prof. Comer is a strange guy with a very strange style of lecturing. That said, once you get used to it, they are quite interesting if you are interested in the material. Prof. Hambrick was a good preceptor. Keep up on the readings, or studying for the exams is a huge pain.

Out of the 7 psychology courses I've taken, this was one of the best. You will learn about all of the interesting psychological disorders, and the material isn't very difficult. Professor Comer is a great lecturer and he wrote the textbook, so if you attend lecture and read the textbook it shouldn't be hard to do well.

PDF, don't take for a grade; the emphasis on details can make anything other than a PDF pretty overwhelming. Definitely worth taking, though - I found it really challenged my preconceptions and gave me a better perspective on the state of mental health in the USA and in the world.

The material is interesting and Comer is a really great professor. Some of the early lectures are the worst ones in the course, so I had my doubts, but it turned out to be pretty enjoyable. The exams are very specific and not too interesting is all.

Take it!!! Comer's hilarious, and the course material is interesting. He shows cool videos during lecture, and the work is pretty minimal (weekly precept posts, multiple choice midterm and final, precept paper). Great if you're pdf-ing.

This class covers some interesting material and isn't too difficult. However, I didn't think it really lived up to its reputation as being an awesome p/d/f course. If you're looking for an interesting, easy course, take something else.

If you are interested in abnormal psychology and want a fairly easy course, then take this. Prof. Comer has a dry sense of humor and his lectures are enjoyable, but it is a survey course and doesn't delve deeply into any of the topics.

This is a very interesting class. I would suggest if you're in a time crunch to just read the chapters and skip lecture to do what you need because the lectures are exactly out of the book. Know little minute details for the test.

I would definitely take this course if you're interested in getting an overview of psychology because this is a great place to start. Just be prepared to keep up with your reading and if you do that it's not much work at all.

Great, fun course. Professor Comer is a funny guy. Grading is objective. Exams are 99% based on the textbook (which Comer wrote), but you should still go to lecture for the videos and prof's dry sense of humor. Good stuff.

Buy or download the book and read it, but more importantly take notes on what you read. Take notes closely. Perhaps it would be best to do the practice test to before you read to get a sense of what can/will be tested.

I would say take it to PDF if you have ever wanted to learn about psychologists! IF you are in the department, I would suggest auditing this one for general interest and taking a class with an easier curve for a grade!

Take this course if you're even remotely interested in abnormal psychology. Comer's teaching style is easy to follow, but pay close attention in lectures because some of the stuff he says is not in the book.

Don't take this course. took a lot of time even for a PDF. Lectures repeated themselves every single time. Tests are designed to trick you rather than teach you. TOTAL WASTE OF TIME AND EFFORT. DO NOT TAKE

Definitely read the textbook and keep up with assigned readings every week or it will come back to cripple your grade. Don't cram. And don't expect too much out of lecture, though make sure you do go.

Read the text book chapter, the professor wrote it so all the information you need is there. Try to get a preceptor who works in the field...adds a very interesting element to the course!

Definitely take this course- the material is extremely interesting and I looked forward to lecture. However, make sure to bring a laptop to take notes- Professor Comer talks very fast.

Try and do the readings each week ... helps out when midterms and finals arrive and you don't have to cram 5 chapters in two days. Nice distribution requirement. Not too hard to pass.

This class is like any other big lecture. It is good and interesting, assuming you do the readings. The midterm was fairly difficult but for a psychology class I was pretty good.

This course is very interesting and its not too hard to obtain a good grade. Just make sure you read the textbook before the exams and you should do great. Overall, a great class.

It's fun! It's okay to miss lecture every once in a while, but DO ALL THE READING! And try to get a good preceptor, precept can be really fun when you have a good preceptor. (:

Take it--learn to psychologically analyze your friends and family! Professor Comer is extremely well-informed (he did write the textbook after all) and is an amazing lecturer.

The multiple-choice midterms are rather difficult if one isn't used to recalling specific facts. Understanding broader ideas and models is not enough. Having a good memory is.

Just read the text book, don't go to lecture. i wasted several hours going to lecture and my friends who just read do just as well. You will be fine if you read CAREFULLY.

Take the course! Very interesting, easy distribution requirement, can do well without attending lecture. Memorize everything for exams! (50 multiple choice questions).

I would take this course if you need distribution requirement or even if you're just generally interested. You wouldn't normally learn about these things elsewhere.

Enjoy the lectures because they are very interesting, and also do not be afraid to participate in the debates in precept because you will get much more out of it.

Take this course! It is a nice course to balance out a full schedule. If found the readings and lecturers enjoyable and I feel that I really did learn a lot.

I would recommend this course to people who are interested in the subject but don't have time to commit that much energy to classes outside of their majors.

I would recommend this course to anyone interested in a possible career in medicine or psychology, or to anyone with a general interest in mental illness.

Wonderful course material. Precepts and their readings were great. The textbook is a little dense so I suggest going to lecture to see what he emphasizes

this is a good course to take and its very interesting, just be prepared to answer very specific questions from the textbook on the midterm and final

The course provides an engaging view of psychology--basically what people would think PSY 101 to be, except presented in a less scientific way.

This course does not require a large time commitment. It is interesting. Prof. Comer's lectures are pretty fun; lots of short videos to watch.

If you need an SA, take it. However, don't expect this to be the best class ever--it wasn't as engaging as one would think it would be.

Take it if you're interesting in Psych, but if you're looking for filler, I've learned the seminar courses are a safer bet grade-wise.

You can do no work until a few days before the midterm and pass or do all the work and get an A. Its an interesting, easy course.

Definitely take it - there are very interesting videos during lecture to supplement the material, and the exams are very fair.

its really interesting. tackling an all multiple choice midterm and final is really hard though, as it can swing either way

Take it ? it's very valuable to have this knowledge. Maybe take it with Litchman instead of Comer if you have the option.

Lots of reading but definitely interesting. The readings are essential since that's where the test questions come from.

Not only is this class quite interesting, but it is not a terrible amount of work and is definitely a manageable class.

Take it! The material is fascinating, and Prof Comer is an incredibly knowledgeable, engaging, and terrific lecturer.

Just...hope...that the exam questions go your way. You don't have as much control over your grade as you'd expect.

Very interesting course, fun, and you will learn a lot if you haven't been exposed to abnormal psychology before.

It has a reputation for being a very good course, but I think that that's mostly a holdover from a few years ago.

The course is so interesting and not too much work. Comer talks to quickly you have to take notes on a laptop.

Good PDF course if you are interested. Will actually have to study for an A though as the exams can be tricky.

Take notes as you read the book - it will guarantee success on the exams and make studying much less painful.

If you're interested in the subject matter or are looking for a not-too-demanding Psychology course, take it.

It's a good introduction, but I feel like I have a very shallow understanding of abnormal psychology still.

It's a really fun class, but make sure you go to lecture because a lot of exam questions are based on that.

This is a good class to take if you have any interest in psychology - great professor and not too much work

Read the book. Lectures are interesting but not very helpful. It's an easy class if you do the readings.

If you're looking for an easy intro-level class that's not painfully boring, this should be your choice!

Great general interest class. Easily passable, and if you work at it, you can definitely get an A.

It's not very time consuming. Good for engineers who need to fulfill a humanities requirement.

Fairly easy course without too much time commitment and very interesting and useful material.

It's not a particularly thrilling/interesting class unless you're interested in psychology.

If you're looking for an easy class that doesn't take up much of your time, THIS IS NOT IT.

Take it if you are interested in bizarre psychology, because you will definitely get that.

This is a very interesting course and you will get out of the course what you put into it.

I really liked this class. It should be pretty easy for students to get at least a B-.

It's hard. Comer is nice and will work with you. Go to office hours. Talk things out.

It is interesting to take and is not very work heavy compared to other psych classes.

Take it if you are interested in psychology. Manageable work load and good teachers.

Take this course if you have a general interest in the topic- definitely worth it.

If you want to PDF a class that you never have to go to, this would be a good one.

It's a good course. The precepts are a bit boring but the material is interesting.

Take this class! It is fun, interesting, and has a totally reasonable workload.

Dont bother making notecards for details because there are way too many of them.

Stay on top of the readings and this course is fun and relatively little work.

Do the readings on time. It will save you a lot of time toward semester's end.

Interesting material though must be very well prepared to test in the A range

Read ALL of the textbook chapters assigned. They basically make up the test.

This is a great course to take if you're interested in becoming a PSY major.

If you're looking for an easy and fairly interesting pdf, look no further.

God. Take this course. Please. At some point in your Princeton career.

The material is extremely fascinating and should be taught to everyone!

You might be better off reading up on abnormal psychology on your own.

Definitely take this class, regardless of what your concentration is.

Make sure you do all of the readings and take good notes in lecture.

Highly recommended-stay on top of readings; its easy to fall behind

Reasonably easy intro course . Good as a general interest course.

This course is very interesting and not very much work. Take it!

It is not a lot of work, but don't expect very interesting stuff

Choose your precepts wisely, it changes the entire experience.

make sure you do not fall behind in the readings and the work

interesting course to just about anybody - not too difficult.

Good class to PDF, though be careful of the curve otherwise.

Really fun course. Go to lectures, those are the best part.

be aware of the curve....everyone does so well on the exams

Definitely take for an entertaining and interesting class.

Definitely take the class you will learn some cool stuff!

If you have any interest in the subject take the course.

Good PDF class, but study REALLY hard if you want an A.

Make sure you read the textbook and you'll be fine.

You'll probably have a great time with this class.

Don't take it unless you need it for something. I

If you're interested in the material, take it.

Take it if you're in psych or you need an SA.

Easy way to fulfill distribution requirement

Great, interesting class. Highly recommend

Very Easy Course Overall. Do the readings.

Very interesting, not too time consuming.

Pretty standard and interesting class.

It was a fun class. Very interesting.

go to lectures, they are interesting!

It's fun and the workload is doable.

A good course for an SA requirement.

Keep up with the textbook readings!

Take it! It will expand your world.

The is a great course to take.

Keep up with the readings.

SO INTERESTING! take it...

Take it, it's really good!

Interesting. It's Abpsych!

Its an interesting course

definitely take it P/D/F

I recommend this class.

Memorize the textbook.

Take it. Take it now.

A great fifth class

absolutely take it!

Definitely take it!

Fun, laidback class

highly recommended

Good class to PDF

Do the readings.

PDF this class.

Good for a PDF.

Read the book!

Yes, take it.

Little work.

great class!

Great course

have fun!

Take it!

take it.

take it

Do it.

Sure!

Read
The course was amazing. TAKE IT! Probably the best class I have taken at Princeton. I failed the midterm, so I thought I would drop it, but I am really glad I stayed in it. I feel I have learned more in this course than almost any other class I have taken at Princeton. I took this course because it looked fascinating and I heard that it was one of the best courses at Princeton. It was probably one of the most useful courses I have ever taken. After every course, I came back with information about how to improve my leadership and with ideas for assessing my own decisions. I wish every person could take this course- I feel really lucky that I got off the wait list and got to take it. Professor Shafir was great. Sometimes he went a little fast in lecture. Overall, he was a great professor. I never met him in office hours, but he was very good at piquing my intellectual curiosity in lecture and teaching me about new concepts. As a result of his course, I know that people overweight evaluations, so I wonder how he will weigh these written evaluations. I hope he reads them! He's a great professor and I feel really lucky to have gotten to take a class under him. I really liked having multiple assignments. It forced me to learn the concepts that were presented in class recently, which I really appreciate. It gave me a better sense of whether or not I understood the material.

If you are a human, this class should interest you. The topics discussed apply universally, and they really share some cool insight into the strengths and weaknesses of the human mind. If you don't take this class, at least read the main book "Nudge" by Thaler and Sunstein.

The course material is extremely interesting. Lectures are very worthwhile, so I would definitely recommend going. I thought the grading was a little subjective and arbitrary (although they do grade blind, which is totally cool), but that it was a good course overall.

This class was probably the hardest, but most interesting class I have ever taken at Princeton. It's especially hard because there's no PDF option, but I decided to take a bad grade so that I could be a part of the class, and I would make the same decision again.

As a senior mol bio major, this course is not at all related to my usual studies. However, I would consider it one of my favorite at Princeton. If you are at all interested in business, this course is enormously important!! It is both enjoyable and rewarding.

Good class. The material is interesting, and lectures are engaging. Judgment and decision making is a topic that is highly relevant to life and that everybody should know. The course is not incredibly difficult, but it's also not easy. Take it seriously.

This course is great! It is a bit repetitive, though, and the syllabus is disorganized. Other than that, it is really mind-expanding and interesting and definitely worth taking! It also fulfills a lot of requirements if you are a WWS major.

This class is a must-take for anyone interested in decision-making whether in their future career or just their life. It is a great EC, and even works with the finance certificate, which is awesome!

I would recommend this course to anyone who is interested in the psychology of decision making. It helps shed light on many of the paradoxical choices that people make in their everyday life.

If you want to learn about the ways that human decision-making is not rational, take this. The things you learn might inspire you to take more care of how you think and interact with others.

An interesting class that is very applicable to our everyday decisions and judgments. If you enjoy learning more about the mechanisms that dictate our every day decisions, take this course!

This is a great class. The only problem is that grading is very, very nit-picky. They don't seem to learn for acquisition of the material so much as use of key words and phrases.

This is a great introduction to decision making from a psychological perspective. Be aware that there is quite a bit of overlap with some social psychological courses, however.

If you're used to the hard sciences, skip this class - you'll find it frustrating to say the least. The entirely of the material could have been gleaned from a reading or two.

Take it! Policy students and non-WWS students alike will learn to evaluate the social sciences more critically, and fundamental criteria for good policy design.

I didn't like this class so much. Many people say great things about it, but as a psychology major, I can say that there are much better lecturers out there...

If you ever plan to make a decision in your life, or hope to influence someone else's decision, you should take this course before you graduate from Princeton.

If you're interested in the topic, by all means take the course. If you've already read a lot of popular psychology, it will probably get a little boring.

SO interesting. I had a bad preceptor so my experienced was compromised but other than that, most interesting course I've taken at Princeton.

Learn how your mind works and how to make better decisions--fascinating and frightening to learn how flawed human reasoning can be.

Interesting material, but know there is a lot of overlap between this course and Introduction to Psych and Political Psych.

If you need an EC this is a very interesting class to take. Just beware the lectures can be a tad disorganized.

I think everyone should take this class. It's a lesson in humility and the vulnerability of the human mind.

No advice necessary - if you are interested in this material, take it, it does a good job of teaching it.

Very interesting course. Grasp the essence of all the readings and do well in every exam/assignment.

This should be a requirement for anyone who wants to understand how the world works. Amazing class.

Really interesting and, in my opinion, fun. Definitely recommend it to pretty much anybody.

It's pretty easy, and relatively interesting, so it's a good difficulty/interest ratio.

A good class. Can be a lot of work but very interesting. Shafir is a good lecturer.

Very interesting class, but the grading is absolutely unfair and arbitrary

If you don't have to take this course, I would not recommend it.

One of the most enjoyable courses I have taken at Princeton.

Good class if you haven't take a psychology class before.

If you like psychology, this is a great course to take.

TAKE IT! Lots of real-world applicability.

Definitely take it! Really fascinating.

One of the best classes I've taken.

Absolutely this class is a must.

Definitely take it. No brainer.

It's pretty difficult though

really interesting material

Don't listen to the hype.

Pretty good class.

Do the readings.

definitely take

Great course

Take it!

Take it.

-
Take this class!!! Professor Shelton is intelligent, funny, and current in her teaching. She uses pop culture in her lectures and has very fun assignments. Also, she is approachable and nice to work with. I would recommend that any body (in any major) take this class if you'd like to learn more about yourself and your relationships. Not completely necessary to read the textbook (just the sections she emphasizes in class), but you should do all the readings for precept. Great class!

take it if you're looking for a social psych course. the material isn't difficult to grasp, but you really have to make sure you understand the different theories/models and memorize the terms. getting the general gist of things isn't good enough to do well. you have to study the details.

If you're a guy looking to meet girls, this class is for you (something like 85% female this year). But seriously, it's a good course - you'll probably find the material interesting, and you'll learn a lot about study design as well as the main topics.

Definitely take this course! It's interesting and really applicable to real life. Shelton is a great lecturer so definitely go to lecture. Precepts are also more interesting than precepts for other psych courses.

This class was a lot of fun! While some of the findings we discuss may be obvious, it's a great class if you want to better understand all of your friends and their relationships!

I'd take it, but realize that a lot of it will be common sense supported by studies. Don't go over the word limit on the papers, no matter what the syllabus says.

If you're interested in the material/literature take this course. Also, not a bad choice if you're looking to fulfill a requirement but not have too much work.

This course is not super difficult, but is interesting and sheds light onto things we see everyday but might not think about in our relationships.

I loved this class! I looked forward to going to lecture and I enjoyed all of the readings. I highly recommend this class.

Take if for the interest, but may be a bit bored if taken psych course before. Highly recommend

it's enjoyable for the most part. some of the material was less interesting to me than others

Take it if you want a fun class. Not to challenging - and the grading feels arbitrary.

Fun class! Shelton is the best. Take it if it's being offered and you can get a spot.

Fun, easy class! You learn many concepts that can be applied to your own love life.

Definitely take this course. It's a lot of fun and very interesting!

This course is very fun and you learn a lot. Definitely take it!

This class is so applicable to life and incredibly interesting!

Take this class! Interesting topic, great professor.

Definitely take, do the work, but it's worth it.

Take it! It's not too much work and it's fun.

This course is good, but it is very easy.

really interesting, fun course

This class is very fun!

Very interesting.

Great course!

Great!
I took this class merely looking to fulfill an HA, but it's been my favorite Princeton course. Being raised a Christian, I now have a better understanding of some of the things I've taken for granted; don't feel like looking at things historically or critically will undermine your faith. (I know there were many non-Christians in the class too, and that made precepts more interesting.) We can see why Professor Pagels is top of her field--her enthusiasm really shines through during the lectures, which are fast-paced and interesting. The primary readings are usually fairly diverse, and the assignments are definitely manageable.

If you're a Christian: take it. If you're not a Christian: take it. If you're into the humanities: take it. If you're more into the natural sciences and math: take it. Christianity is one of the most prominent world-wide movements not just in the last 2000 years, but in all of human history. A better understanding of the origins of these movements (no, it was not one unified movement) helps to enlighten not just other disciplines, but everyday life experiences. Plus, Professor Pagels is the best professor I have had at Princeton, and also one of the most approachable.

Prof. Pagels is so engaged with the material and her excitement is infectious, the topic is super interesting but there is just so much to talk about that it is clear what Pagels chooses to focus on is only just skimming the surface. Her lectures really made me think and the quality of the written assignments was great - I was excited to delve into the material. Highly recommend.

Take it! Professor Pagels is a dynamic lecturer, and precepts are pretty relaxed. If you do, though, just be conscious of possible biases in secondary sources. For example, the four gospels are said to be written within a range of years, but some sources use the latest dates in order to claim that the Gnostic gospels were written around the same time period.

Take this course even if you have no religious background. I had no knowledge of the Bible and learned so much. Professor Pagels is very approachable and the most engaging and spirited lecture. I really admire her enthusiasm and dedication. Don't miss out on this course of a great opportunity to learn from one of the most distinguished scholars in the field!

Take it, but be prepared for less history than the description suggests. Professor Pagels is fascinated with Christianity because she wonders how it succeeded - so she goes into detail on contradictions, peculiar happenings, and interesting topics, sometimes straying from the history of the movement. But overall, I found it interesting.

This is a tough course to take if you are a Christian, but if you have a strong faith and can understand that Professor Pagel's perspective on the issues is NOT the only one out there (even if she presents it as so, you'll do alright.

Take it if you're interested, it's really relevant stuff. I wish I had gone to more lectures -- Pagels is a great storyteller in lecture. Workload is minimal so good course to either PDF or try to get an A in.

Take this course! But avoid having Prof. Pagels as your preceptor! While a great mind, she is terrible at running precept and generally bad at communicating with students.

A great course. Professor Pagels is an excellent lecturer and the material is quite interesting. It's also not that much work, so it's a good PDF class if you need an HA.

Pagels is an amazing lecturer. Take this class especially if you are genuinely interested in Christianity and have some previous experience with religious studies.

Take this course! It's fascinating to critically analyze the bible and Christianity by seeing its formation and influences over the centuries.

I would recommend taking the course definitely. I really enjoyed Elaine as a professor and would look into taking another one of her classes.

PAGELS IS THE BEST!! I want her to be my grandmother...she has so much enthusiasm for the material. Definitely try to get her as a preceptor

Make sure to attend lecture even if you start to fall behind on readings. I found that even doing the reading after lecture can be helpful.

It'll change how you think about Christianity, and maybe even the world. An excellent, interesting class for anyone in any discipline.

Best HA there is. So cool, Pagels' lectures are phenom, and even if you do just half the readings a week you can keep up

This course can be spiritually challenging for Christians. Be sure to go in knowing that your faith may be shaken some.

You will learn about early Christianity, mostly because the readings are well-chosen. But the lectures are overrated.

I would recommend it if you want a good grade in a religion class, but making yourself go to lecture is challenging.

Take it! And read as much as you can before lectures because they make the lectures even that much more interesting.

Take this if you need an HA. Or if you will find the content interesting. I enjoyed this course.

Take this course with Pagels! Fantastic lectures. Absolutely no drawbacks to taking REL 252.

don't buy all the books, its all online. only read articles if you need them for a paper.

Stay on top of the reading! It's a great class but can be a lot of reading sometimes.

It is good if you have enough time to do the reading or know some things beforehand.

It's much more focused on learning than grades - great way to structure a class.

Ask the professor questions. She is incredibly intelligent and knowledgeable.

Definitely recommend if you're interested in religion or Christianity!

Select a good preceptor! And go the the lectures--Prof Pagels rocks!

I recommend this course or any other course with Professor Pagels.

pagels is great work is manageable would certainly recommend it

I'd say take it if you're interested in the subject.

Take it, but be prepared to defend what you believe

go to lectures they're very good

Take it. So interesting

Don't take it!

Take it!
TAKE IT. Gregory is a phenomenal lecturer. He always presents both sides (you don't have to be a conservative Christian to appreciate the course; your views will be challenged no matter what you believe). Only two papers, 5-7 pages each. The papers really made me think critically about the topics, which was invaluable. Readings were phenomenal. Some of them were thick and hard to understand, but if you struggle through them you come out much more enriched. Hauerwas is a pain though. The readings are also really manageable; much less than other humanities classes. Nathaniel Van Yperen was a phenomenal preceptor. He always presented both sides, kept the discussion fair, and allowed arguments from atheists, hardline evangelicals, and everything in between. Having a Christian as a preceptor was also neat, since, well, this is a Christian ethics course. Get him if you can.

I would recommend P/D/F-ing the course. We talked about a lot of controversial topics: abortion, euthanasia, war, sexuality & marriage, etc. But it is difficult to keep up with all of the authors and materials in order to do well on the tests. There is no lecture aid other than a handout, so it really requires you pay attention. His lectures summarize the readings and what will be on the tests. There are two books by Hauerwas and Niebuhr which you probably won't read (because you won't have the time and they are rather dry) unless you are really into Christian theology.

Excellent introduction to the moral issues facing American society today from the perspective of Christian theology. Professor Gregory is a great lecturer, and he does a good job of bringing out points worthy of further thought even in the less interesting topics. The class is a good EM option, and the things you learn are extremely relevant to real life. Beware, though, that there are a lot of readings and some of them aren't the easiest for non-religion or philosophy majors to understand; I recommend joining a study group to help you keep up.

Definitely take this course! Readings are amazing and highly interesting so try your best to make time for them. My advice is to keep up on the readings and exams will go just fine for you. Also, go to lecture! Professor Gregory is one of the best professors on campus and is a dynamic lecturer, in addition to a wonderful human being. I PDFed the course but still barely missed a lecture. Perhaps more importantly, some of the ideas discussed in this course might just change your life if you allow them to.

Do the readings! They are 100% worthwhile, not just to do well in class but to get you really thinking. Don't be intimidated by the books; MLKJ, Hauerwas, and Niebuhr are all authors I think I'd want to reread in the near future. If you take it for grade, be warned that there is no curve - a fair policy, but that means you won't be able to rely on the relatively high proportion of pdf-ers to help you out on the midterm and final.

This is a good course that will give you a strong understanding of the Christian foundations of our society, and the issues that we deal with today. Lectures are very, very good, and most of the readings are interesting and manageable. If you are interested by the (Christian) subject matter, definitely take the course; if you are more interested in debating ethical issues without the religion, take a course like Practical Ethics.

readings are interesting, but slightly disorganized, Ryan Harper is a great preceptor who worked tirelessly with me on my papers, lectures are not essential, but are interesting and worthwhile, so do attend them. Beware that the readings in the course are not an accurate depiction of the Catholic Church...many are heretical. This is a good EM. Singer's Practical Ethics may steal your soul, so I would probably avoid it (I did).

The material was presented well and the readings were good. As a non-Christian, though, I lost interest in a lot of the topics that drew mostly on Christian arguments. Some of the issues, like abortion and euthanasia, really made me reconsider my own views and gain appreciation for views I disagree with, but I did feel like the Christian arguments were somewhat irrelevant to my own evaluation of the issues.

This is a wonderful course if you're looking to learn more about Christian ethics. The course moves quickly from topic to topic, but it's definitely manageable. It really makes you think about the views that you have on particular topic, regardless of whether you identify as a Christian. The material covered in the course is great and I'm sure you'd enjoy the class if you decide to take it!

Amazing distribution requirement. Take it if you have the chance, and do the reading because it will be useful for thinking in future life, not just for the papers. A relatively easy distribution requirement, too -- workload not exceptionally heavy and exams are fairly easy, considering. I was going to PDF it until I realized I was getting As on everything without trying all that hard.

This course deserves its good reviews. I would advise you to try to keep up with the readings, and at least recognize each week the main point of each required author, so that you get an idea of the overall dialogue in each conversation. Lecture may not be strictly necessary, but it's gripping, short, and completely worth your while.

This is a very solid and informative course, although not particularly challenging in any sense of the term. To get the most out of it, don't just take it, be engaged with it, especially the precepts and the readings. Highly recommended for anyone who's interested in the subject, and even more highly recommended for anyone who's not.

Take this class!! The lecture, readings, subject matter, and precepts are all so great. It won't help you get a job as an I-banker, but it will make you think more critically about the political climate and your responsibilities in this world. Can't stress enough how much you should take this, even if you're not religious at all.

The course is pretty interesting and challenges a lot of moral views. It's a good course that keeps you thinking outside of class. You should probably go in with the mindset not of simply learning or absorbing everything, but of engaging and defending your own views or even prepare to have some of your views changed.

It's a great course to PDF, the lectures and readings are interesting and relevant to today's political discussion. As an atheist and self-proclaimed non-humanities oriented person, it was fun to learn about the different aspects of Christian Ethics and their results in today's political field.

don't push your reading off until the last minute. Also definitely get Joseph Clair for your preceptor. I'm sure they are all good, but from personal experience, I thought he was so helpful, very approachable, and understanding. If you need help don't be afraid to e-mail your preceptor.

Overall I really enjoyed this course and would definitely recommend it to anyone who needs to fulfill a distribution recruitment or is just interested in a taking an ethics course. It provides a balanced view of the material, and is interesting whether or not you're a person a faith.

Use this class as a chance to grow. The work is not bad at all so don't worry so much about the grade. My biggest problem with this class was the attitude of the other kids in it! Do the work and you will be fine but seriously find a way to appreciate this class for more than that.

the material of the course fit the course description for the first half of the semester. the material for the rest of the semester only vaguely related to ethics. It mostly focuses on the christian church and it's ideological relationship with other schools of thought.

Have time to do most of the readings and just know the summaries of everyhthing and you will do fine. I would say if you decide to take course try to read before precept so you can get the most out of talking. Most rewarding feeling to discuss some of the topics.

It's not too difficult, but can really open your mind if you want to devote the effort to reflect on the lectures/readings. All the resources are there, if you only take advantage of them. It helps if you know about Christianity, but I recommend this to anyone.

Probably a good course to take if you're Christian and are interested in discussing the moral dilemmas posed by your faith. Probably not a good course to take if you're like me and wouldn't enjoy reading tons of material from a Christian perspective

This course is great--it's a lot of work, so PDF is you simply want to debate in precept or read some cool articles. Otherwise, pay attention in lecture and do all of the readings. Try to stay on top of the work, because it will add up at the end.

If you have any religion interests, take this course. If you need to knock out a distribution requirement, take this course. If you didn't get "rocks for jocks" or "e-mails for females" and need to find another class, take this course!

For those interested in philosophy, ethics, and politics, I would recommend this class. It provides a religious perspective to some classic philosophical and ethical debates and discusses the place of religion in public dialogue.

This is a good E/M. If you are a humanities person, take it. If you need the distribution requirement, take it. If you want to grow as a person, you don't even have to do well in the course, simply go to lecture and precept.

An interesting lecture and a popular PDF. I almost regret my PDF decision - I could possibly have an A- behind my P - but the readings are difficult to engage in and the exams demand a thorough knowledge of the readings.

This is a great course for the EM distribution requirement. However, it is worth taking even if you don't need it. Eric Gregory is a very engaging lecturer and the topics of the course are very interesting and relevant.

You should definitely take this class if you're a Christian! I tended to separate political views from religious, and this class really makes you examine what you believe and why and if you should. Very balanced.

Very interesting course if you do the work, but probably not the greatest PDF course at princeton. If you do the work you can get a lot out of the course, but if you don't it wont be that interesting

I would strongly recommend this class for any Princetonian raised in the Christian faith, and would still recommend it for others who may be more secular yet are simply curious about the religion.

There is a lot of reading, but try to keep up as best you can. The course covers interesting and important topics worth knowing about. It is very relevant to everyday decisions and discussions.

Definitely take this class. Even if you are taking it just for the distribution requirement, put some effort in, because this class can help you become a more interesting and better person.

It's probably more work than you will expect, but it's definitely worth it. It will most likely transform the way you think about ethics and approach moral decisions in your own life.

Take it if you're interested in Christianity. You don't have to be Christian though. Lot of interesting discussion about hotly contested issues like abortion, euthanasia and torture.

This course is a great survey in well-known Christian ethicists. It has more readings than anyone can reasonably be expected to do, but worth taking for Professor Gregory's lectures.

I highly recommend this class to anyone interested in moral issues that concern our daily lives. Whether or not you are a Christian, this is a class that will shape your thinking!

If you have an interest in Christianity, take it! Keep an open mind, be prepared to be offended, and always aim to question your views instead of accepting them blindly.

Take it; this stuff is so important! And also, try to apply it to your personal life - it makes the stakes that much higher, and the course that much more interesting.

Everybody should take this point at some point. Professor Gregory is a great lecturer. This course really makes you think about the topics outside of the classroom.

I think that this class was very interesting, and I would advise students to do all of the readings because they were important for the papers, midterm, and final.

This course is a must-take for anyone interested in contemporary ethics, religious or not. The readings are the best part of the class, next to Prof. Gregory.

Take it! So interesting. Get together with a study group and divide up the readings to prepare for the exams though, its a lot of reading to do by yourself.

Do not be afraid to share your views in class, and have a strong voice in your essays. Really put a lot of thought into the issues discussed in class.

If you're interested in ethics, take this class! It's really great. Just make sure you keep up and don't procrastinate on readings/studying/writing.

I believe this is a great course as a general introduction to ethics and morally or for those interested in learning more about Christian faith.

Keep up on the readings because for the exams you need to have read probably 80-90% to feel comfortable. Also, definitely attend lectures.

Take it if you're interested in the subject matter. A great course to PDF, because getting a good grade with all the content is daunting.

If you are wishing to fulfill your EC requirement, this is the class for you. Even if you are not Christian, this class is excellent.

If religion is interesting to you this course would be fun. If you are an atheist the course will seem painfully irrelevant.

Take it if you can. The professor is brilliant; subject matter intriguing; and it fulfills an EM. What more do you want?

Go to all lectured and precepts and of course do all the readings in order to do well on the assignments and exams.

Best course I have taken at Princeton so far! Do the readings to get the most out of the lectures and precepts!

I would say do the readings for the most part and go to lectures because Professor Gregory is a great lecturer.

There are a lot of readings and you have to memorize the key points of all of them, but overall, a good course

Definitely take this course! It will force you to think about issues critically and make informed opinions.

Definitely take the course. It is fun and you learn so much about Christianity and the ethics behind it.

Take this course but try to keep up with the readings or you may not have much to say during precepts.

Among the best classes I've taken at Princeton. Take this class if you can, you will not regret it.

If you take this class, try to be in Prof. Gregory's precept. I thin it would have helped me a lot.

Everyone says Prof. Gregory is amazing, I didn't think so. Shop the class and decide for yourself.

If you want to be introduced to modern Christian thought, this is a great class to get started in.

Fun class. Even if you think it isn't something you'd be interested in, you could be surprised.

Don't take it unless you know you'll really love it. Its a lot of work and hard to do well in.

Keep up with your reading, and don't hesitate to participate in precept meetings!

This is a really great course. If you are looking for an EM this is one to take.

You should take it, if that's your thing. Professor Gregory is a really cool guy

Split up the reading because there is a lot. It is an interesting class though.

Take it if you're interested in ethics and even if you're not a christian

It's certainly a good class, although I think it is a little overrated.

Absolutely take it whether you're Christian or not. Totally worth it.

Definitely take it! The reading are long though, so prepare the time!

Its awesome!! Be prepared to rethink your stances on a lot of topics

Be aware of how much work it is. This is not an "easy" class.

If you need an EM, I think this is a good class to take.

do not take this merely as a distribution requirement!

Take it. It is a nice class with interesting readings.

Take it. It will change the way you think about things

Good overview of the different views of christianity.

Do the reading, if you can! It's really interesting.

If you do the readings, you'll probably enjoy it.

Try not to take this class if you don't have to.

Take it. There are a lot of readings, though.

This class is great-- I highly recommend it!

Not too bad for a distribution requirement.

Do not get bogged down with the readings.

Take it! Enjoy it, live it, and love it.

Be prepared to write philosophy papers.

Not very interesting but is a decent EM

It's a cool way to fill a requirement.

Take it. Do all the readings on time.

if you like religion - take it

Definitely do the readings.

Take this class, it is fun.

Keep up with the reading.

Write notes on readings!

Precepts are super fun.

Yes. Take this course.

Go to every lecture.

Absolutely take it.

definitely take it!

Lots of readings.

Just do it.

take it!!

Take it!

Take it.

Eh
A very simple, straightforward course. PFK is PFK, unique. Interesting lectures that you have to attend because she will randomly take attendance. I had Danny as a preceptor and really enjoyed going to precept. If you aren't able to do the readings, a lot of the stuff is relative to current events so you can chime in during precept without having done the readings.

If you would like to learn more about the importance of religion and how it affects people from many different nations this would be a fun course. Also this course can make you understand a lot more about the world around you and make you a more well rounded person.

This class is good but the grading on the take home exams is somewhat difficult because they have a very specific idea of what they want to see. Lectures are disorganized but PFK writes out notes for all of the readings which provide great summaries.

This course did not have a heavy workload, but made you think. Awesome course to take if you need to fulfill a requirement or are just genuinely interested in religion's impact on immigration and society in general.

Easy course. Take it. It's good to experience a PFK course at least once in your time at Princeton. Not much work. You don't even have to take notes during lecture to still get something out of the course.

This is the kind of course that requires you to be personally engaged in order to grasp the most from it. Don't take this course if you do not plan to do any motivated thinking.

Attend lectures, don't worry so much about keeping up with the readings. Participate a ton, even if you don't think you know what you're talking about.

I would recommend this course to any student. Professor Fernandez-Kelly is not only an amazing professor, but she is also an amazing person.

Don't take it unless you want to listen to a professor who is obsessed with their own political opinions and wants to press them on you.

Don't be afraid to talk with the professor about anything. You may get a much longer answer than you expected, but it will be worth it.

I would recommend it if you want a course that is not too taxing work-wise, but is also very interesting in terms of subject matter.

You need to take a PFK course before you graduate. Put in the effort and she will care about your individual academic success.

Take this only if you have difficult course load and need a class that is vaguely interesting but not too demanding.

Do the readings because they are relevant to the midterm and final take home assignments. Also attend lecture.

You will love this class and you will learn so much. Get in PFK's class, and attend all lectures and precepts.

Take the course! The subject matter's interesting and the material isn't too hard.

Take this class; do the readings so that you can get the most out of it.

If you are looking for a course with little commitment take this class.

OK....maybe take another course unless you need to take this.

Definitely a good class to take - I would recommend it.

PFK is great, material is pretty interesting

Lectures are boring, but decent course.

Take PFK classes, she's a great woman.

Not a bad course it is very engaging.

Do the readings they are interesting

I would recommend taking this class.

Definitely take it!!!!

take this class!

Do the readings

take the course

good class

Its good!

TAKE IT
If this class is ever offered again, drop everything immediately and TAKE IT! You will not regret taking this class. It truly rounded out my Princeton experience and I only wish that I could take another like it next semester. I guarantee that if you go into this class with an open mind and a good curiosity about the material, this will be the greatest course you take at Princeton. Mitch, if you are reading this, thank you, thank you, THANK YOU. This class will live on as one of my best memories from Princeton.

Definitely take this class, regardless of whether you need it to graduate or not. Mitch is amazing, he's really smart but also hilarious, and he admits that he checks him phone during class too, because he understands that we belong to a generation of multitaskers! Do all the readings, not because they're entirely necessary, but because they are really interesting, and if you go to every lecture and read everything, you honestly barely have to study for exams to get anything above a B .

I would take the course. It was cool how they integrated Bruce Springsteen into it because Gabriel sang one of his songs once a week at lecture. He's an amazing singer and makes the songs sound better than when Springsteen sings them himself. It's a very common sense class, so while there is a lot of reading, you can probably get by with skimming if you have some common sense smarts.

Definitely take the course! I don't think you'll find anything quite like it on Princeton campus. The topics covered are really interesting. and things that you don't really expect to learn about. There is a lot of reading for the course so be prepared for that. Overall, the course is so unique and Professor Duneier is fantastic!

This is a great course to take - it's not particularly difficult, but it's not a complete blow-off class, either. It addresses very interesting topics, and Mitch is a great professor. Just make sure to use your time wisely on the midterm - the hour you have to write your two IDs and essay goes by really fast!

Take it, but it is a lot of work (reading). You will learn many interesting perspectives about a lot of the aspects of everyday life that you may have taken for granted or not had experience with. You will also indirectly learn more about Springsteen as an artist.

If you've ever wondered if soc. might be something you could get into, this is a really good course to try out. You get to skip the intro class that everyone and their dog is taking but it's also slow enough that you pick up whatever you might have missed.

I strongly recommend this class. Professor Duneier is a great lecturer and really loves sociology. His lectures and the guest lectures were great. I also thought that the covered material was interesting and definitely applicable outside of the class.

Come to lecture sometime. I'm not going to say it's crucial but when the Professor Duneier interviews people, I guarantee that you will enjoy it. Try to read the articles but even if you skim, you probably will still be in very good shape.

If you're interested in sociology take it, but it is a lot of reading, so be prepared - it may not sound like a very serious class, but it's pretty similar to an intro sociology class so do not take it too lightly.

This is an awesome class! It is basically a sociology survey course and you cover a lot of different material. The interviews are amazing I have learned so much by hearing about all of the interviewees experiences.

I highly recommend this course. Expect to do a reasonable amount of reading, but it's manageable. Also, since there are no papers or assignments, it allows you to actually enjoy the content the class presents.

A fun course that gives a good sense of what sociology is about. Don't be fooled by the course title; the focus is not on Springsteen, but rather on the sociological themes that can be found in his work.

This class is great fun. The lectures are definitely worth going to, especially the guest interviews. Not a heavy workload at all - would make an ideal 5th class.

Take this class! You get to listen to great music, go on a field trip, meet super interesting people, and have consistently awesome lectures by Mitch every week.

Keep up with the readings. Take note of which songs are played in lecture. Pay attention to the interviews. Do not miss precept. Enjoy the course!

Take this class and read all of the readings cause not only will they help you understand the concepts better, but they are also very interesting.

YOU HAVE TO TAKE THIS COURSE! The workload is completely manageable and you'll be reading about phenomena that have escaped your notice until now.

I would tell everyone to take this course. They will be so excited to go to lectures every week and there is a fun field trip to Atlantic City.

TAKE THIS COURSE! You will not regret it. Do the CBLI precept option if it's offered too - not much more work and a wonderful experience.

Take it. You'll understand and appreciate Bruce's music more for it, and come away with a great beginning understanding of sociology.

I strongly recommend this course. The lectures are great and the readings all easy to understand and always interesting.

take this class with mitch! but don't expect to be talking about bruce the whole time it's about his music, not him.

This class is a great first class in sociology - engaging, not too difficult...an overall pleasure to be part of!

definitely take this class, you do not want to graduate from this place without taking it! Its super memorable!

I would strongly recommend this course. It has been one of my favorite classes I have taken at Princeton.

Take it!! I do not enjoy sociology in general but this has been one of my favorite classes at Princeton.

It's not just the Boss, this course uses his songs as an entry point into various sociological topics.

TAKE THIS COURSE. It's excellent. And by excellent, I mean EXCELLEEEEEENT! /Bill and Ted

This class is truly a unique experience that I encourage every Princeton undergrad to take.

good intro to soc. I assume this class is largely responsible for the uptick in soc majors

this course is really interesting with a great professor and not a lot of work--take it!

You MUST take this course. This is THE BEST course at Princeton with THE BEST professor.

Take this course! Prof. Dunier is great and the guest speakers are all very interesting

Definitely take it, whether or not you like or know anything about Bruce Springsteen.

I would strongly recommend this class. It is interesting and not very difficult.

Take it if you're interested in sociology. Some of the lectures are fascinating.

It's not about Bruce Springsteen but you do listen to various songs.

Definitely a must-take course. I am now a Springsteen fan for life.

Take it! Enjoy it! It was worth while. The trip is pretty cool too.

As long as you go to lecture, you should be fine in this class.

This is a wonderful course. I highly recommend this course.

This class was interesting but not as good as I thought.

If you can, take it! Professor Duneier is excellent!

If you want to take a soc class, this is the one!

I would strongly recommend this class to others.

Take this class! It's fun, not too much work.

Take this course! It was my favorite class

Don't do the readings- just go to lecture

It is fun and each lecture is enjoyable.

One of my favorite classes at Princeton!

Too bad Mitch won't be here next year

A great class that i really enjoyed

Take it! Lectures are worthwhile

A must-take while at Princeton.

Fun class! Duneier is the best.

great class. highly recommended

Really interesting course!

Take this class!!!!!!

Take this class.

Take the class!

Take this

Take it!

take it.

take it
If you have ANY DOUBT about taking this course, you have got to be kidding me. This course is the absolute best course I've taken in my last three years at Princeton. The topics are clearly interesting, but Professor Meadow is also a phenomenal lecturer, and if you get the chance, get Alex as your preceptor. He's the best preceptor I've had. EVER. He's awesome. Also, be willing to come into this class with a very open mind. You may not agree with some things that are explained, and that's fine -- I didn't -- but I feel so much more educated after having studied them.

ABSOLUTELY take this course! Tey Meadow is by far the best professor at Princeton and is the reason I enjoy academia so much. She is incredibly engaging and down to earth and is one of the most wonderfully fascinating people to talk to.

Plan your papers way in advance, make sure to meet with Prof. Meadow at least once (even just to talk, she's really awesome). She's most likely leaving next year, so take advantage of the opportunity while you can!

Definitely take this class! Professor Meadow is great, lectures are fun (watch lots of videos), material is interesting. Do not PDF, because there are tons of papers. Try to get into Tey's precept.

Take this class. I don't think anyone could regret taking this course! It was amazing, I learned so much, and it was the most fulfilling class I've taken at Princeton.

Do all the readings carefully! They are integral to successfully completing the writing assignments and make precepts a lot more valuable.

This class broadened my horizons in ways I didn't even think were possible. It's fascinating and I wholeheartedly recommend it!

TAKE IT NOW. FAVORITE PRINCETON COURSE. Expect to be challenged. Expect to grow as a human being.

Absolutely take this class!!!!!! It is intriguing and will change your life.

Take this!!! Especially if you have no prior engagement with the topic.

If you're looking for a lot of reading on a fun subject, take it.

Take it!! Do the readings and take your time with the papers.

Start the readings early and ask questions during precept.

If you have any interest it was a really fun course!

Do the readings. Attend lecture. It's all worth it.

Take this course. It is amazing!

Take this course. Please.

Take this course!

Do it duhh

Take it!!
Don't try to take this for a grade-- it's a trap! . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . _,,,--~~~~~~~~--,_ . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ,-' : : : :::: :::: :: : : : : :? '-, . . . . . . . . . . . . .,-' :: : : :::: :::: :::: :::: : : :o : '-, . . . . . . . . . . . ,-' :: ::: :: : : :: :::: :::: :: : : : : :O '-, . . . . . . . . . .,-' : :: :: :: :: :: : : : : : , : : :? :::: :::: ::'; . . . . . . . . .,-' / / : :: :: :: :: : : :::: :::-, ;; ;; ;; ;; ;; ;; ;\ . . . . . . . . /,-',' :: : : : : : : : : :: :: :: : '-, ;; ;; ;; ;; ;; ;;| . . . . . . . /,',-' :: :: :: :: :: :: :: : ::_,-~~,_'-, ;; ;; ;; ;; | . . . . . _/ :,' :/ :: :: :: : : :: :: _,-'/ : ,-';'-'''''~-, ;; ;; ;;,' . . . ,-' / : : : : : : ,-''' : : :,--'' :|| /,-'-'--'''__,''' \ ;; ;,-'/ . . . \ :/,, : : : _,-' --,,_ : : \ :\ ||/ /,-'-'x### ::\ \ ;;/ . . . . \/ /---'''' : \ #\ : :\ : : \ :\ \| | : (O##? : :/ /-'' . . . . /,'____ : :\ '-#\ : \, : :\ :\ \ \ : '-,___,-',-`-,, . . . . ' ) : : : :''''--,,--,,,,,,? \ \ :: ::--,,_''-,,'''? :'- :'-, . . . . .) : : : : : : ,, : ''''~~~~' \ :: :: :: :'''''? :: ,-' :,/\ . . . . .\,/ /|\\| | :/ / : : : : : : : ,'-, :: :: :: :: ::,--'' :,-' \ \ . . . . .\\'|\\ \|/ '/ / :: :_--,, : , | )'; :: :: :: :,-'' : ,-' : : :\ \, . . . ./? :| \ |\ : |/\ :: ::----, :\/ :|/ :: :: ,-'' : :,-' : : : : : : ''-,, . . ..| : : :/ ''-(, :: :: :: '''''~,,,,,'' :: ,-'' : :,-' : : : : : : : : :,-'''\\ . ,-' : : : | : : '') : : :?''''~-,: : ,--''' : :,-'' : : : : : : : : : ,-' :?'''''-,_ . ./ : : : : :'-, :: | :: :: :: _,,-''''? : ,--'' : : : : : : : : : : : / : : : : : : :''-, / : : : : : -, :?'''''''''''? : : _,,-~'' : : : : : : : : : : : : : :| : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : :?''~~~~~~''' : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : | : : : : : : : : :) But it might be a good PDF class

You should take it, but it is a bit overrated. While Centeno is an absolutely phenomenal lecturer, some aspects of this course are frustrating. The reading load is excessive, expectations for precept memos are unclear, and the first third of the course seems very repetitive. Definitely worth taking for the lectures and second-half content. You will learn a new way of thinking and a different analytical perspective. Be prepared to spend a lot of time reading.

I would advise them to start the semester long reading early and make sure to keep up with the weekly reading as well. If they do not have time to read all of the assigned reading, they should at least read the mandatory chapters that Professor goes over in lecture. Be sure to stay on top of the reading if you are supposed to present in precept that week and don't wait until the last minute to write your memo.

The class was a lot more work than I expected, but I enjoyed this class a lot. I found the readings quite interesting and Professor Centeno is probably the most passionate lecturer that I've had at Princeton. Definitely think about it if you're looking for an HA.

Take it no question. Centeno is an amazing lecturer, his reading selections are interesting, and the workload is not difficult by any means. The midterm and final are very reasonable. But really just take it for Centeno lecturing.

Take this class! Centeno is an amazing lecturer and the subject material is fascinating. It's not as easy a class as some people make it out to be though, so you can't slack off too much and expect to get away with it.

Take this class. Lots of reading but manageable, and Centeno is a FANTASTIC lecturer. Amazingly interesting and incredibly relevant subject matter. Try to get Rachael Ferguson as your preceptor, she's great.

Great class. Centeno is a great lecturer. Do not be discouraged from taking this class because you "aren't that interested in war." Cool parallels between sports and war for the athletic types out there.

Awesome course! Professor Centeno is fantastic, and the readings (if you do them) are pretty enriching as well. Would definitely recommend, especially if you are looking to fill the HA requirement.

Take it! Lots of reading so maybe PDF it if you're just looking for another class. But it's so interesting. Some parts are more relevant than others. We didn't go too far into contemporary stuff.

Do the readings. Really, it will hurt you during midterms and finals if you don't. And please, start on Life and Fate earlier. It's actually really hard to finish this book.

I would say that it is a great course to take while at Princeton. It offers insight to a topic and issues that many people never consider. So insightful and interesting.

TAKE THIS CLASS. The rumors are true this is an AMAZING CLASS! Also not hard at all, very doable, this is for you engineers who need a fifth!

Great course--heavy on the readings but Prof Centeno always tells you which parts are most important and VERY REWARDING!

Take this course! I think it has been my favorite course at Princeton, and I would definitely recommend it to anyone!

Centeno is the best! As for the tests, be very specific in tying together the concepts with examples from the texts.

I would highly recommend it if you are interested in war at all. A great supplement to HIS354 with David Bell.

Lots of readings. Find out what the format of the assignments will be. Centeno's lectures are very engaging.

I'd say it's important to attend the lectures or you will find yourself in a hole when studying for exams.

Great professor and really interesting books! If you're looking for an HA, this is the one to take

This was a great course, albeit more time-consuming than I expected. But I enjoyed it nonetheless.

Take it - I PDFed it so I don't really have a strong opinion on whether or not to take this.

Take it if you are interested in war or if you need an HA. Grading is also very fair!

The readings are extremely long but still interesting. Probably a good class to PDF.

Get ahead on your reading or else you will have no idea what is going on.

Take if you want a straightforward, easy, and somewhat enjoyable class.

Centeno makes this course worthwhile. Easy to PDF this class.

If you like sociology classes, you'll probably like this one.

Take this class. Especially if you like Sociology.

I would recommend this class to anyone that asks.

READ the readings. Don't save it till the end.

good class. a lot of reading but interesting.

Do your reading. It is useful and helpful.

Attend all the lectures! They're worth it.

Do the readings and attend every lecture.

Definitely take it!! Super interesting!

Take it! It's fun and leniently graded.

Lot of fun, lot of reading, take it.

Take it, it's awesome!

I would recommend.

take the course!!

Take it!

Take it.

Do it!

Do it
This course was fantastic!!! I took this course because it fulfilled a WWS distribution requirement and the topics of the course sounded really interesting. Also heard great things about Bogan. Professor Bogan is amazing. She truly dedicates herself to her teaching, and it comes out. In lecture, she is animated and enthusiastic. She always makes a point to bring in relevant, related topics. She also has more open office hours than any other professor I've ever had. She is very open to student questions and really goes out of her way to explain things to you. Because of her, I was very engaged with the course. I found the materials fascinating. I loved the topics and feel confident in talking about many topics in public policy- including healthcare, education, welfare, taxes, pollution, and even finance. I think this class should be a requirement for all WWS majors. Learning about the costs and benefits of public policy is key for anyone who is going to be a decision maker for this country. ** TIPS FOR STUDENTS** Make sure you do the economist readings, form study groups with friends to summarize the packet readings, and review every problem set before your exams. Her exams are tough but fair and have a predictable format.

Every econ major should try to take this course before they graduate. Not only is the quality of the class incredible, but the material taught is some of the most useful stuff you can learn here. I feel so much more informed as a citizen than I did before taking this class, and understanding the economics of government is something that many people purport to do, while few actually do. Professor Bogan is one of the latter. And if you're lucky, David will be your preceptor, too. They are a dream team for teaching the class.

Take this course, it is potentially the best economics course at Princeton--it will give you a lot of depth and perspective on almost all of the key domestic policy issues, such as health, education, crime, financial regulation, etc.

If you have any interest in economics, and politics, Bogan is an absolute treat. She is one of the best lecturers in the entire department, and cares more than any other Professor I know.

Highly recommend, and frankly think it should be promoted more than it is, though I guess it's always oversubscribed anyway. Definitely the most practical econ course I've taken, by far.

Take this course!!! Sooo relevant for living in today's world and understanding what's going on when you read or watch the news. Bogan is one of the best lecturers I've had here.

If you're interested, definitely take the course! Very relevant to current issues and the material is up-to-date. A good amount of reading, but it's interesting and manageable.

This is an excellent class that is eye-opening in terms of how economically sound policies are. It is probably more challenging for people without economics backgrounds.

Take this course. The work load is a little more than a typical class, but is well worth it!! Bogan is an amazing professor you won't regret taking this course!

This is a really great Econ course, particularly for non-Econ majors who have some background in it. You'll learn a ton about various public policy issues.

If you enjoy Professor Bogan's classes this one is excellent. She uses current events to discuss the topics and this make the class even more interesting.

Definitely take this course. Bogan knows what she is talking about and does a great job of making the lectures and readings interesting.

Spend time really absorbing the material covered in the readings. This isn't an easy course, but you will definitely learn alot.

Take it if you have any interest in economics or policy. You'll learn a lot and have a new context for thinking about policy.

Definitely take it! Keep up with the readings, both because they're fun and because it'll help you come exam time.

If you like Bogan's teaching style and have an interest in public economics, then definitely take this class!

Take this course if you want to actually know something about current public policy.

Awesome course. Well organized, thoughtful. Lots of material and good conversation.

take it. just tailor precept reading to questions given out in advance

Take this course. You will be a smarter student because of it.

TAKE IT! Take good notes on readings/ Economist articles

Best class at Princeton. No one is better than Bogan.

Great course. Very informative, but a lot of work.

Interesting subjects and Bogan does a great job.

If you're considering it at all, take it.

Take it - really interesting course!

Take it. One of my favorites.

Do the reading

Take it!

Take it.

n/a
By far the best course I have taken at Princeton. I was lucky enough to have Professor Christensen as my preceptor, and although intimidating at first, precept became my favorite part of the class. Of course, lectures were clear, engaging and informative as well. This course made me switch my major to politics. In addition, I now have an interest in a career in the State Department. Tough course, but I would highly recommend it.

This is one of the best classes I've taken at Princeton. Although lectures were at 9am, Professor Christensen is the only professor I would be willing to wake up for. The lectures were always very interesting and engaging and the material is very applicable for better understanding today's world.

If you're at all interested in China, take this course. If you're at all interested in IR, take this course. If you're just looking for one of those elusive courses that has interesting and engaging lectures your parents told you would define your Princeton experience, take this course.

This is an excellent course, clearly well planned and taught by a very experienced and knowledgeable professor and supported by talented preceptors. Anyone interested in East Asian international relations should take this course (or better yet both of prof. Christensen's courses).

Take it. Professor Christensen is amazing. My preceptor, Adam Liff, was remarkably good. Strongly recommend. I did not do particularly well in the course, but I learned a tremendous amount. I would have enjoyed it even more were it not for the nine am MW lectures.

Take the course if you're interested in Chinese history. This course is focused on looking at China's history in order to understand the present, which is a great way to learn about a country. Be prepared to put in a lot of work.

yes i would highly recommend it - China is a really important State for many countries to better understand and collaborate with. This course really provides an understanding of their perspective.

This course was very intense and time consuming. I would recommend it to anyone interested in the subject with the understanding of the amount of time needed to keep up with the course.

This is one of the few things that could get me out of bed and into lecture at 9 am. TChristensen is awesome and if you love China like I do, you'll love this class as well.

Life changing. Reading the papers would be diff after this class. My experience in Asia would be diff after this class. This class really makes me want to be a diplomat.

I would say that anybody marginally interested in East Asia or China, or anybody who wants to expand his/her knowledge about international relations take this class.

Great course. Do the readings. You'll learn to understand China and its place in the world. Professor Christensen is awesome. Go to lecture even if it is early.

I'd highly recommend it to other students, but I would warn them that it is a significant workload, so they should only take it if they are really committed.

Take it to get a really good background on US-China relations, and especially a methodological approach for understanding how diplomacy works

If you are at all interested in international relations, East Asian studies, or history, I would definitely recommend taking this class.

Take it if you're interested in better understanding China. Keep up and form opinions as you go. Learning the facts is not enough.

Definitely take the course! It's super informative and the professor is fantastic. You'll get out of it what you put into it.

If you stay on top of it, it'll be insanely rewarding. It's worth getting up at 9 AM one hundreds time over for this class.

This is an ideal course for anyone who has an interest in getting a sense of where China is heading.

Cannot recommend a course more highly than this one. Top three course I have taken at Princeton.

This is a great class to take if you are interested in China and international relations.

You will work hard, but it is worth it. Professor Christensen is a wonderful teacher.

Take it if you are interested in foreign relations during the cold war or today!

Don't take this course unless you love East Asia and don't mind a hard clases

Do readings, try to take advantage of office hours, the basic stuff

This course is not easy, but it's worth it.

Excellent course on a very important topic

A lot of work, but definitely worthwhile.

Start reading now.

Take it!

Take it

Great!
