If Professor Kostin is teaching again, then you should attend all the lectures and do the best you can to what he teaches. Go to his office hours since it they are very helpful and there are no precepts and the TAs are not informed as to what is being taught so are not helpful. The final and quizzes are straight forward and the homework is from the book. Learn the material from the notes given in class though.

I think this class is well taught. Obviously you need to go to lecture because all the quizzes and the final come from things we covered in class. It's hard to judge how you're doing in the class because there is no midterm and a 50% weighted final so you also need to make sure you keep up with the material throughout the semester

The course seemed to be of a similar difficulty to the other math classes I've taken (104, 201, and 202). If you put in the effort, I think you can get a good grade. I've heard that Professor Stone tends to receive better reviews than Professor Kostin, but that his version of the class teaches more and is much more difficult.

Very good course for diff eq - practical yet enlightening. Apparently it's a lot easier than the fall version, so I recommend taking it in the spring with Kostin. You learn all that you need to know as far as differential equations are concerned in science engineering, and it's actually fun. Kostin is the man!

Easy with Kostin - dont learn nearly as much as with Stone though (I usually don't care about that but actually kind of frustrating in this case). No midterm and all the quizzes / problem sets have very small grade distributions so you have no idea what your grade is going into the final

You're probably taking it if you have to. Even otherwise, it's not bad at all. I tried to take it in the Fall because a lot of people said Prof. Stone is much better. While that might be true, I am very satisfied with Prof. Kostin's style of instruction and the class in general.

From what I've heard, this class is great in the fall with Howard Stone. If you need to take it, try to take it then. He provides you will all of the notes that you will need. Kostin provides you with nothing, not even a practice exam. And the pop quiz system is stupid.

Kostin has a very straightforward approach to presenting the material, which suited me well. I also liked the periodic quizzes compared to the traditional midterm. If you're really interested in applications for engineering you might prefer taking it with Stone.

Easy if boring and dull. You probably don't have a choice if you're taking it as an engineer since it satisfies a MAT3XX level requirement. If you actually like/don't completely suck at math I've heard Stone's class in the fall is infinitely better.

Taking diffeq spring semester with Kostin was way better than people made it seem. If anything, comparing to what friends did with Stone, this seems like the easier version of 305. Kostin is old school, but a good lecturer.

Go to class and take good notes. First half of the semester is deceptively easy and going to class is not useful. Then it gets hard and you need class notes to study for the final, which comes directly from those notes.

Take if required (but you already knew that didn't you?). Do not take if you are a math person (meaning if you want proofs and actual explanations for things, since Kostin does maybe 1 or 2 'proofs' the entire semester).

Whether or not you're not taking it with Stone in the Fall, make sure you get a copy of his notes. I felt infinitely more comfortable with the material once I had read through through them start to finish.

I truly enjoyed the class. It would probably be helpful to take this class with at least one friend to be able to talk through certain information that is difficult for you to understand on your own.

Straightforward course. Take it if you're not looking for any surprises, and would like to learn some applications of math. Less hard if you've taken some more advanced math before (like orf 309).

This class was great. Professor Kostin was one of the best lecturer's I've had the pleasure of listening to, although if he's retiring this year, I'm not sure who will teach it next year.

Make sure you understand his lectures because the book is almost useless. find him and go to his office hours if you dont understand something or else you are dead in the water.

If you want to learn about differential equations, then it is a solid option. Not the most interesting material in the world, but it is well taught and pretty useful.

It is an easy 300-level math course, but I wouldn't take it if you don't actually need it. Huge emphasis on the final (50%), so be prepared for that!

Listen to what he says while he's writing because he always stands right in front of what he wrote on the board, making it impossible to copy down.

Though the course is good, I don't see why you would take it unless you are really interested or it's a departmental. The workload is average.

Take it if you must. Especially the ORF and CBE and MAE kids. The quizzes and hw are all super easy, but be warned THE CURVE IS HARSH!

Kostin was really nice and thorough. It's a shame he's retiring. I think the course might be pretty different with the new teacher.

It's an excellent introduction to solving differential equations, although I believe Prof. Kostin is retiring after this semester.

Easier than Stone's MAE 305 class. The quizzes are reasonable. Just read over class notes and don't bother reading the textbook.

Differential equations are incredibly useful, so if you are an engineer or a scientist, you should take this class.

A better class than people try to claim. Really feel like I did learn a lot about solving differential equations.

Go over the problem set problems as practice so that you can understand them and so that you can do them quickly.

It's a little boring if you aren't interested in applied math, but it's a very good course if it's a requirement.

This course is rather dry. Not too much work, but some of the material can be kind of difficult though.

Very manageable class. The problem help session are extremely useful and the TAs and very good as well.

It's no wonder this class is required for engineers. Attend lecture and put in time on problem sets

Fairly straightforward class. Keep up with material, otherwise you can get overwhelmed at the end.

Kostin's class is not very coherent or useful. Take it with Stone in the fall if possible.

This was a tremendous class. It was not too difficult, and it was incredibly well taught.

You're probable taking this because it's required, go to lecture, it's definitely helpful

See if you can find the book's explanations to match up with what Kostin says.

Great 300-level math class. Solving differential equations is a useful skill.

Stay on top of the work and make sure you can follow the lectures thoroughly.

Take it! Sad that Prof. Kostin won't be teaching it anymore. He was amazing.

If Kostin teaches again, I recommend taking MAE305 with him

Keep all your homeworks and sit close during lecture.

Don't take this course with Kostin

I'm really glad I took this course

So much easier than Stone's class!

Take it in the spring with Kostin.

Only take if it is a requirement.

Only take it if you have to

It's a chill course.

Go to the AI hours.

easy class.

Take it!

This is the whole class: Cauchy momentum equations (vector):  (Dv/Dt) = -  p  ? T fb continuity equation (scalar): (  /  t)  ? ( u) = 0 Try to relate everything to this.

f you are interested and enthusiastic about Fluid Mechanics, this is a great course to take. Be aware of the lenghty but helpful homeworks.

This class is a lot of work. Don't sign up for other classes that you anticipate will be difficult in the same semester as you take this class.

The course is challenging but very enriching and interesting. I would definitely recommend it and the professor teaching it is very good.

This course is a lot of work. Be prepared. Do some background reading about similarity solutions early. This will make life easier.

This course requires a lot of time and attention, but if you are able to give both, you will learn a lot about fluid dynamics.

Be prepared to spend a vast amount of time on this class. If you pay attention and read the course notes it is doable.

Try to read the notes before lecture, watch the fluid mechanics videos, and get started on the homework early.

Take this course if you are interested in the subject matter. The professor is very knowledgeable.

Need a great deal of mathematical knowledge. Strong fundamentals in fluid mechanics is required.

It is definitely a must-take course, especially if taught by Professor Stone.

You won't find a more rigorous or thorough one-semester fluids class.

Make sure to spend enough time on the problem sets.

Definitely take it with Howard Stone if possible.

Actually watch the movies he suggests watching.

Don't miss class, the lectures are very useful.

Be prepared to put in a lot of time.

Big time commitment.
Definitely take this course if you're interested in any form of engineering. It's a good intro to engineering principles from a structural standpoint, and Haataja is a great resource of information. He genuinely cares that his students learn, and he encourages them to seek his help if they need. It's important to do the reading from the textbook before class; otherwise, it is difficult to follow the lecture and you'll find yourself frustrated and feeling like you're wasting time. So do the reading and pay attention - then you'll actually know what's going on and feel enriched after class. Bring the lecture notes to lecture so you can follow along, and take additional notes on them for the maximal effect.

Take this course. Even if you're not an MAE student, if you have an interest (even a minor one) in the physics of solids, you won't be disappointed. The lectures and readings are all very interesting and stimulating, but the course in no way drowns you with work as some other courses do. The people working in this course seem to have a keen drive to make the experience of taking this course worthwhile, and it shows. I strongly recommend it.

The lectures are really helpful and the slides explain stuff really well, but it also helps if you do the readings in the book. Prof. Haataja is a nice and very helpful guy, so do not hesitate to go to his office hours or just shoot him emails and ask questions. I like the course! Strongly recommend it!

This is a challenging but rewarding course, and definitely well worth the time and effort. Professor Haataja is an awesome lecturer. However, be prepared for the problem sets and exams to be fairly challenging. Definitely find some friends to work with, because it helps immensely.

Read the Notes, Read the book, Go to lecture because Mikko tells awesome stories and is just agenerally an awesome person, spend a good deal of time preparing for the final it is much harder than the midterm. Get to know the TA's as well they are great resources.

Do the reading. It is very light and helpful. Many of the problems in the problem sets correspond to the problems in the book. The lectures are very good and so are the office hours. The problem sets can be long and hard at times so plan accordingly.

Take it if you've taken PHY 103, whether or not you're not a Mechanical Engineer. From what I've heard about the CEE version, MAE 223 blows it out of the water. Professor Haataja is one of the best teachers at Princeton.

If you get interested then the course is great. Problem Sets take a bit of time when you do them for the first time but by the time the course is over youll be able to do the problem sets in under 30 mins each.

This class is hard. Really dedicate yourself to the material. It builds on itself and falling behind is deadly. Do problem sets with a group to make them take less time. The exams aren't terrible.

If you need to take a Solids course, take it with Professor Haataja. He is incredibly engaging and clear and the course is perfectly reasonable in terms of time commitment necessary to do well.

You'll probably take it because you have to, but it's not too painful if you work in groups and you pay close attention to the weekly readings - which aren't long at all and you'll learn a lot.

This is a great course if you are interested in the material and don't mind spending time on problem sets. The material is really interesting and the professor is absolutely amazing!

Take it, even if you're not MAE. If you're CEE, consider Mikko's class if it fits into your schedule I don't think it's that easy to surpass his teaching skills in this subject.

If you are a MAE student, you won't really have a choice about taking this class, but nonetheless Mikko is a great professor and Solid Mechanics is a good class.

I'm not sure how interesting students would find this course if they didn't have a strong background in mechanics or found PHY103/105 to be interesting.

This class is a good introduction to the sort of things useful for mechanical engineering, and you won't have to work too hard at it either

Good course, though some problems require going to office hours/problem sessions so start on problem sets early, obviously.

Start the problem sets early, go to office hours. Review all of the completed problem sets that are returned to you.

Very well taught class! Do the problem sets, go to precept, lecture, office hours and you're good for the class!

Stay on top of things especially in the second half of the course which is significantly more difficult.

Any MAE has to take this. You'll spend time on it, but it should actually be a rewarding experience

If you are considering taking this course, you're the kind of person that would enjoy this course.

Only take this course if it is a departmental, but know that you will enjoy it and learn a lot.

I personally didn't go to the problem solving sessions, but I hear they help a lot, so go!

Somewhat interesting material, make sure to go to lecture and stay current on the concepts

Do problem sets well, and keep up with the course (especially toward the end)

Mikko is a great lecturer and this has been my favorite class this fall.

Mikko is a great lecturer and his office hours are very helpful.

If you go to class and read the textbook you'll do fine.

Only take it if it is a requirement.

My favorite class this semester

Do the problem sets.

TAKE THIS COURSE!

Attend classes.

Take this class! It isn't too time consuming, and it gives you a great new perspective on how drugs are made. I learned a lot about not only how drugs work in the body, but also how the industry works (and how it should work). If you take this class, make sure to meet up with Paul just to chat at some point. He's had a fascinating career and is a really nice guy. Also, don't be too worried about the organic chemistry pre-requisite. It's helpful to have that background for understanding the speakers, but you'll never be asked to draw a mechanism or push electrons!

Definitely take this course if you are looking for a low-key science course that requires relatively little background knowledge and shares a lot of information about the drug discovery industry. The assignments will seem impossible when given out, but as long as you are reasonably good at online searches and web research, they really are not that bad and can even be somewhat enjoyable!

This is a great class for anyone mildly interested in medicine and/or drug development. Professor Reider makes sure that this class is about learning and not too much work. The guest speakers are very interesting and come from the top pharmaceutical companies. Definitely recommend it.

It's pretty interesting, but I kind of had no idea what was going on or what I was learning half of the time. Otherwise, extremely low-stress, low-work class. Basically all you have is the two take-home exams, which are very difficult and time-intensive.

Absolutely take this course. It's that sort of very relaxed learning that is both very enjoyable and very informative. Also, it's one of the coolest experience to hear from the people who actually headed drug development projects.

Prof. Reider's stories are amazing and he has great guest lecturers throughout the semester. If you have any interest in medicine or drug discovery, I highly recommend taking this class!

A very interesting class with very low work load (the midterm and final take-home exams are very time consuming though). Precepts are a joke though, you don't need to go.

Take it! The lectures are interesting; there is absolutely no homework involved. Just have to spend a lot of time for the take-home research midterm and final :)

I think this was a very good course, and would highly recommend it for students interested in learning about drug discovery and the pharmaceutical industry.

Take this class. It's really interesting and is not a lot of work on a week to week basis. The professor is great and the lectures are fascinating.

Something different and interesting. Take it! Certainly don't have to be a chemistry or mol bio major to enjoy it/understand the material.

Easy course, especially if you are interested in the drug discovery process. Attendance really not mandatory for all the lectures.

Take it! It's new material and you get exposed to aspects of chemistry/pharmaceuticals that you never would in a different class.

If you are interested in any health related field be it medicine, drug delivery or health policy, this class is a MUST.

pretty chill class (workload is low) but you really have to pull out all the stops on the take-home midterm and final!

Prepare well for the midterm. The average was very high with very little deviation from the mean this past semester.

Take it, but on day one, decide what you want to get out of the course, and make every effort to achieve that goal.

Definitely recommend if you're interested in pharma, even if you've never taken an upper level chem course before.

Definitely take this course if you have any interest! It's not much work and it's extremely interesting.

Useful for aspiring pharmaceutical chemists and business people looking to understand big Pharma.

I really recommend this class! Super low stress class.

Please take this course. You will learn a lot

DEFINATELY take this best class on campus

Interesting information, easy course.

Low workload and pretty interesting.

take this class. period. do it.

Highly recommend it!

Wonderful course.

take it!

Take this class. It is super well designed, there are tons of resources available (take advantage of them - piazza, office hours, review sessions, etc), and assignments are designed to not only teach you, but also be really fun. I had nevernever programmed (or anything like that) before I took this class and was worried at first. However, I ended up doing really well, and also just loved the class. One tip: READ THE CHECKLIST for all the assignments. Seriously, there is so many questions answered in the checklist, read it carefully. I would advise you to try and make sure that you really understand what your homework assignment program does and how it works. It is possible to do some of the assignments correctly just by following the guidelines and without really understanding WHY those programs work. Take the time to really understand it, though. It will pay off.

Get into Donna Gabai's precept. David Pritchard is probably just as good but maybe a little less funny in class. Christopher Moretti, if he teaches it again, is probably also really worth going for. If you are an undergraduate student at Princeton, this is the number one course that you have no reason not to take. Do not avoid it and do not be scared of it unless you are absolutely positive that you will have a very hard time. Otherwise, challenging as it is, there is always a lot of help available. This course might not be PDFable in the future so if that really scares you that much sign up for it and seriously use the shopping period to consider staying in it. Also, do not rule out the possibility that you end up thinking the material relatively easy (take more COS if that happens.)

This course provides a solid foundation of programming with Java, but be aware it also covers a considerable amount of computer theory. Overall, it will give you a different perspective on how to think about solving problems in the real world. There are many resources available for help with the weekly programming assignments, which if you start moderately early are quite rewarding to get working. Note that graders are fairly picky, so if you are new to programming try to learn the common problems and mistakes quickly. The written exams are often meticulous and tricky, so prepare for them by doing the past years' ones provided. Still, it's a great experience for anyone to take.

If you have a clear mind, it wil be quite easy. If you don't have a clear mind, some topics will be a little hard. No need to do the book exercise if you are smart, but past exams are always useful!!! Assignments always help us improve understanding and internalize various concepts. Most important is to keep up with the progress because later topics build on application of earlier concepts. Also need to pay attention to details as those are probably where even smart people get points taken off. Anyway, you should take this class because it's so interesting and programming is so cool.

I am a humanities major with minimal computer science background. I don't know how it is in the fall, but when I took it in the spring, this course was completely manageable. The assignments required putting in several hours every week - maybe up to eight total, including checking everything, learning the relevant concepts and so on - but not as much as some people led me to believe. I found the course an refreshing change from writing papers and I would recommend it to anyone who is willing to put in the work, even if you can't PDF it.

Computer science is a great subject to know about, whether or not you are an engineer! Take the class. It's interesting, the structure is well organized and thought through, and the class is well taught. Be sure to at least skim the textbook or lecture slides before the lecture if you can't read the text. It definitely helps with learning the material during class. I've heard tales of ineffective preceptors, but I think most are generally good, so if you don't like your preceptor, shop precepts at the beginning of the semester.

Coding (and knowledge of computers to that extent) is an extremely useful skill that I think everyone should know about. Definitely take this course and take it seriously - you'll be very satisfied by what you learn, and in the future when computers become more and more part of our lives, you won't be left behind, as you'll have at least a tiny bit of computer knowledge. Lastly, I advise students to use the availability of the piazza resource. It was instrumental for me in getting through this course.

This is an awesome and very well structured class. Professor Clark is super funny and knows exactly what he's doing. However, AVOID JUDITH ISREAL'S PRECEPT LIKE THE PLAGUE. Actually. I've heard amazing things about every other precept, but Dr. Israel was just horrible. She treats the class like a bunch of 5-year-olds and never gets through all of the material because she spends so long hammering in useless and/or easy to understand points, instead of the more difficult ones.

You need to be prepared to study hard and spend many hours on assignments. The course is fast-paced so don't fall behind, keep up with the work. Ask for help when you don't understand, preceptors are really helpful. Do the assignments on time, they count a lot. Go to TA lab hours, the TA's are really helpful as well. If you don't have any experience in coding, you might want to decide for yourself if this is really the right course for you.

If you have ever used a laptop, which you are probably using right now, you need to take this class. COS is something that you simply must be aware of. Even if you don't want to major in COS or if you are worried about not being able to PDF, take it. It's worth it. Even if you didn't master the materials perfectly, you will take away very important things - a sense of accomplishment and knowledge about how the world functions around you.

I had zero experience with COS and while it was definitely difficult to keep up with in the beginning, I definitely feel like I have learned an incredible amount of information in this one semester! This was a really good challenge and different way of thinking logically! The amount of help available is incredible though!! There are lab TAs every night and a 24/7 Piazza forum to ask questions. So much support, possible for anyone!

The course can be challenging, and there is a learning curve if you have never taken a computer science course before. However, this should not discourage you because it is possible to improve over the course of the semester with a little help from friends, your preceptor or the lab TAs. And, the finishing the programs is always great because you feel a certain sense of accomplishment at having written something so complicated!

This course is excellent, make sure that you take advantage of the number of resources that are available to you, especially if you are struggling! Really try to understand the material. Lectures are optional, precepts are essential (even if you don't attend your assigned one) (because Donna Gabai is the BEST preceptor). (hint hint make sure you sit in on a few of her precepts if you want to really understand something).

Excellent course. I learned a lot about computer science for one semester and had plenty of support when I needed it. The material was surprisingly engaging, and several of my friends are now pursuing COS majors of certificates because of this class. It was, however, a lot of time for me, especially with the two part exams and a Dean's Date assignment. Overall a great course, but be prepared to put time into it.

Regardless of your background in programming, this course is excellent, and should be taken by anyone who is remotely interested in programming. If you do not have any background, this course might be challenging, but even if you have some background like I did, you won't be bored. The assignments and materials are interesting, and Prof. Clark is a great lecturer.

Nice, rigorous and interesting introduction to computer science. Although it will be definitely be challenging if you have no computer science background, it definitely is an extremely worthwhile course to take. It will be different from any other course you have ever taken and will open your eyes to something totally different in the academic world.

Go to lecture and you won't really ever have to do any of the readings. Understand how to debug and why something isn't working rather than just simply changing something, recompiling, and hoping for the best. A good understanding of the mistakes you can make and how to not make them will be extremely important in the programming exams.

Take this course. Go to office hours and use Piazza when you get stuck -- instructors and lab TAs are incredibly quick and helpful in debugging assignments. All the instructors really aim to be helpful and most of them are good. I would recommend Donna Gabai or Dave Pritchard as preceptors, can't say anything about the others.

If you're just interested in computer science, you're much better off taking Cos 109. This class is good, but very time consuming and intellectually challenging if you're new to programming. You'll learn a lot regardless though, and it will definitely help you decide whether you want to be a COS major or not.

Excellent course to take, whether for general interest or because you know you want to go on in COS. Don't be afraid that there is no longer a PDF option. Everyone thinks they will need to use it, but if you put in a bit of effort it is unnecessary. Take with Doug Clark, his lectures really make the class.

Really, really challenging class for people not familiar with computer science and the kind of logic it requires. Probably the hardest class I've taken so far at Princeton. I wouldn't recommend it for people like me looking to take the course out of interest now especially since it's no longer PDF-able

TAKE THIS COURSE! You are not disadvantaged in any way if you have no programming experience. I had none, but I just kept up with the readings on the booksite ONLY. I did not pay too much attention in lecture, but I had the best preceptor and I always went to office hours to brush up on my knowledge.

This is a great introductory class. It's very well organized. There's no lack of support. Donna Gabai is great as a preceptor - get her if you can. She's engaging and willing to explain concepts often using vivid metaphors. Take this course if you're interested in getting a taste of COS!

Even if you don't have prior programming experience this is a very do-able course. They start at the beginning but get to doing some pretty cool stuff quickly. There's also a lot of help available if you need it. Try to take it with a friend so you can do the pair assignments together.

Definitely go for it! Whether you have to take the course or not, it's good stuff to know. You'll have plenty of support and resources if you need them. The first half of the semester isn't too time-consuming, but the later assignments do take a while so leave time for debugging.

Do it! Don't be intimidated by people saying it's hard if you don't have prior experience. It's an intro-level class and the professors and preceptors are always available to make sure you don't fall behind, as well as the lab TAs who are wonderful for debugging programs etc.

Skip to 226 if you've taken AP Cos in high school, but you will need to do a couple programs beforehand to get used to how they use packages and other formalities. I didn't learn much more about programming, but there was a lot of theory stuff I never encountered at all.

Please consider your time commitments wisely. Even though it may be a 100-level course, it does not mean it will be easy; in fact, it will almost certainly be more challenging than you initially expected. However, it IS worth it, and I recommend it to a high extent.

Take it. It's fun, well-taught, and organized. Plus it's important to know how to program when everything in society is now driven by technology and computers. BUT beware of the time commitment of this class. Take it with other classes that don't have as much work.

Stay on top of the reading/lectures. Go to precept, it's helpful in terms of doing the assignments. Start assignments early. Read through and make sure you have done everything the checklist/assignment requires before you submit. Don't be afraid to ask for help.

Take this class, whether you are BSE or AB. Even if you have done a bit of programming before, you'll definitely enjoy this class and learn a lot from the challenging but interesting examples! They really are a testament to how much you've learned this semester!

Take the course if you are interested but be prepared to put it some work too. Read the book, go to lectures and precepts to further understand the materials. There are lots of resources (office hours, piazza, etc.) which you can take advantage of. TAKE IT!!!

The written exams are definitely the hardest part of this course. I did badly on the first one but well on the second one. I think being able to do well on the written exams distinguishes you because almost everyone does well on programming assignments

Some students will perform wonderfully in this class, and some will have massive trouble with it. If you're part of the latter group, good luck! Also if you're part of the latter group, only take this class if you need to--it's not worth the stress.

Take this course, but realize that even if it's not conceptually difficult, coding by nature takes a long amount of time. I wouldn't call it a hard course, but if you're going to have a hard schedule, don't think you can walk through this course.

Lots of fun, and probably best to take early in case you discover you really like COS. If you've had any significant programing experience (e.g. either AP) you might learn new stuff, but it's not going to be super overwhelming in difficulty.

I loved COS 126. Take it! I had to as part of the engineering requirements, but I would have taken it anyway. I came in with absolutely no programming experience, and was able to do well in the course. GET PROFESSOR GABAI AS YOUR PRECEPTOR.

COS 126 is a great course. You don't want to miss out. It will probably change the way you think about computers and logic, which is a very good thing. Be prepared to spend 3-6 hours on the programming assignments, most of it debugging.

There's tons of resources to help you, so there's no reason to fail. The material is very varied and interesting. There is still a wide gap in the previous abilities of the class, which can be frustrating, but just go at your own pace.

It really depends on how good you are at math/logic. I would say try it for a few days and see how you feel it. If you are taking it with Douglas Clark he is great at lectures and will keep you interested. I loved this course!!!!!

Even if you have never used a computer in your life, I would ask you to please give this class a try. TAKE IT. It is easily the most organized and polished class I have taken at Princeton. Don't be surprised if you get hooked.

I would say that lectures are generally important to attend, especially as it gets later in the semester. Always allot enough time to do assignments, and you'll get a feel for the rhythm that you need in finishing the course.

They throw 2-3 chapters at you every week, and even don't really want you to think outside the box. The assignments should really go according to how they want you to do it. There's not that much room for creativity actually.

Take this course!!! Even if it's no longer PDF-able, it's well worth your time, and the weight of the assignments and precept participation ensures that if you do the work and try, you'll do at least decently in the class.

This is a very rewarding and interesting class which I definitely recommend, even as a non-engineering/non-sciences student, but be prepared to put in a lot of work, especially now that there's no longer a PDF option.

DO NOT TAKE THIS IF YOU ARE A BEGINNER AND CANNOT DEDICATE MOST OF YOUR TIME FOR SCHOOLWORK TO IT. It was very difficult for me, and I honestly don't even know when I'm going to use this knowledge again in the future.

The weekly assignments are manageable, not too difficult with all the available help. The exams, they are a different story. Taking the class you can expect to get some idea about programming and how computers work.

I would definitely take this course. True, it's going to be a fair amount of work, but it's worth it for a good background in computer science for future life and the instructors will give you so much help with it.

The skill this class teaches is a very powerful one, especially in today's world. However, students should go into this course knowing it will be very challenging, especially if you have no coding experience. The

This a fun course, and I highly recommend it to anyone remotely interested in computers. You will enjoy it whether or not you have had computer science and will learn some interesting facts about the world.

Definitely take this course! Even if it's not required as a distribution or departmental, it's very well-taught and is a useful skill to have, especially as technology becomes ever more present in our lives.

Definitely take the class! Even though lectures aren't the most interesting, computer science is a great skill to learn at some point, and it may even make you consider computer science as a major.

This is a great course! Very interesting and when he says to start assignments early he is wise. They can be time consuming but are very cool when they work. I have learned a lot in this course.

A lot of students had programming experience, and I had absolutely no background, which made the course quite difficult for me. However, I do feel like I learned a lot. I'm glad I PDFed though.

Take it, look over the assignments page beforehand and try to familiarize yourself with programming a bit beforehand. You're not expected to know anything beforehand, but it helps a bit.

Cos 126 is a wonderful course for people who have any interest in learning to program. It is impressive for its accessibility to non-programers, and I found the projects to be quite fun.

Do the readings and pay attention in lecture! Don't hold off until the the last couple days to do the assignments (especially in the end) so you don't spend half the day freaking out.

If you have to take it, it isn't too bad. If you are new to programming plan on assignments taking a while, but there is alway help available and the instructors are really friendly.

Start assignments a few days early just in case, and don't be afraid to go to lab TA's for help, especially during the harder assignments. Don't choose Judi Israel as your preceptor.

Take this course if you want to learn an enormous amount about data structures and basic Java programming. The work takes a lot of time, so I don't suggest taking it with another QR.

It's a hard course and I'm probably going to fail in it. Yet I would recommend it because I think you actually learn something. If education matters to you, just take this class.

If you never took the course before, don't partner with someone too smart. I learned a lot more struggling with my partner. It was hard though and the tests were totally killer.

This is a very rewarding class, and you don't need any programming knowledge to get a lot from it. Lecture material builds on previous lectures' concepts, so don't fall behind.

Definitely take this course, even if you are not BSE and don't plan to pursue anything computer-related. Useful skills and a way of thinking that everyone should be exposed to.

To humanities students: Don't take this course if you're not ready to work yourself to the bone to get a passing grade. To engineering students: I'm sure you'll love it.

A great course to take, I highly recommend it. Help is always there if you need it. If you've taken computer science before, the topics covered are still cool and engaging.

A lot of work, but very useful and organized. Lots of amazing resources ready to help you. Very hard to make a good grade in without experience or COS talent. No curve.

Take this course even if you don't plan to be an engineer or a COS major. If you take it, you should definitely go to precepts, since they help a lot with hw assignments.

Don't underestimate the course based on the first few assignments. Start with plenty of time to debug. Go to the lab ta's if needed. Generally, they are really helpful.

Take CoS if you are an Engineer [because you have to!] but if you aren't an engineer, taking CoS will still be very helpful for programming purposes in other fields !

Take it, and work hard at it. even if you can't pdf, just don't worry about the grade and try to master each skill. It's worth it. the most taken class for good reason

Even though its not pdf, you should still take it, its not that hard if you are willing to work ahead and give yourself time to conceptualize the more abstract stuff.

Take this course! It is a wonderful, gratifying experience, even for humanities people like myself. Don't underestimate the exams, though. The time limit is a b*tch.

Make sure you understand how things actually work. Don't take anything you see on the slides for granted, actually work out what everything means and why it works.

It doesn't matter what major you are or what you're interested in. Take this class. Go to lecture, learn the material. It's exceedingly rewarding and so much fun.

If you choose to do partner programming, make sure you go through and try doing it yourself again to make sure you're not dependent on someone else's knowledge.

Start programming assignments early and be sure to try to do it by yourself first before consulting the Lab TAs. I think you are able to learn more that way.

Take it. Even if it's non-PDF next year. JUST DO IT. This is one of the best run classes I've ever taken and it's so helpful for the future. PLEASE TAKE IT.

This is a great course to get an introduction to computer science. You'll learn it well, although just know that they use a high-school curve for grading.

Great course! Definitely take it you will learn a lot about programming. Make sure to attend precept and never start your assignments at the last moment.

T.A. office hours are tempting, but try struggling through the assignments. This way you prepare yourself for the environment of the programming exams.

Take it if you are interested in being educated. Failing to take this class today is almost like refusing to learn to write. Besides, you will love it!

Understand computer science concepts by paying attention in precept. Don't get points docked off for bad style, because that should be an easy fix.

Always practice programming even if you are done with the assignments. It helps on the exams. And also go to office hours begin assignments early.

Take it, especially if you don't know anything about computers. It will change computers from magic boxes into understandable and usable devices.

It's a pretty hard class if you stop being on top of things. Learn everything in detail as you along or else you will regret it in the future.

DO NOT BRING YOUR COMPUTER TO LECTURE OR PRECEPT. You don't need it and you WILL get distracted and sucked into fb just like any other class.

Take this course. Be aware it's a decent amount of work if you haven't programmed before so make sure to keep up because it's all cumulative.

Go to precept, try to attend lectures too because they are pretty interesting. Readings aren't necessary but will help for the written exam.

Take this course if you're an engineer or you're REALLY interested in programming. It's pretty difficult but probably worth it in the end.

TAKE IT. It's fantastically taught and you learn so much. I'm a humanities major and it was probably my favorite course this semester.

Definately take this course if you want to learn to program, but be prepared to devote a significant amount of work to the assignments!

Challenging if you have no programming experience but definitely do-able and worth taking. Fairly time-consuming but very interesting!

Make sure you learn the material from day one. It may seem easy, but applications of basic concepts become increasingly complicated.

Take this course. It's not only a distribution requirement for BSE, but will remain useful throughout your life in the 21st century.

Definitely take this course unless you are absolutely certain you do not need to know anything about computer science in the future.

Computers are an increasingly important part of this world, so understanding a little about how they work certainly can't hurt you.

If you want to pick up some programming as part of fulfilling your Princeton degree, do it. Humanities majors should not shy away.

Start your assignments no later than Thursday. Ask for help when you need it. Try to retain your knowledge, and do practice tests.

Be sure to commit a lot of time to the course. Requires much more time that other courses. Make sure to start assignments early.

I would recommend this course to anyone willing to have a better understanding of computers and how they work. It is a fun class.

I would definitely recommend this course. Knowing a programming language has many uses. It may be hard, but struggle through it.

Take this class! Utilize every aspect of help available, since there are many ways to get your questions answered in this class.

I would recommend just seeking help when you need it. There are a lot of good resources that make the class very manageable.

Interesting material, but definitely difficult and fast paced. Don't be scared to take it but don't take it and expect an A

Take it if it is required. Take it if you're interested. Keep up with the actual computer SCIENCE part. It sucks, but yeah.

I think that every student should try to take this class, as the mindset it helps develop is essential in modern society.

COS 126 is a lot of work. While the assignments aren't so bad, the exams are difficult and require a lot of preparation.

If you haven't programmed before, it's going to be incredibly difficult and time-consuming. Buy a different textbook.

Definitely take this class. Go to all the lectures at the very least and try to read the textbook before the lecture.

It is a lot of work and the material is difficult, so only take it if you are ready to put in the time and work.

Make sure you can put the time into this class. Also spend a lot of time studying because the exams are killer.

Great class to have but since they are removing the PDF option, just know that it will probably lower your GPA.

I would say that every student at Princeton should take this course. It is so fundamental and taught very well.

Awesome course! Highly recommended even if you have no interest in pursing COS (or you might even find you do!)

Do the readings before going to lecture. The extra exposure will be very helpful for understanding the material

Give yourself plenty of time to do the assignments, and make sure you understand why you're doing what you do.

Just ask if you have questions and really try hard in the beginning of the semester to understand the basics.

Definitely take it. I recommend it to ANYONE, BSE or not. Though be prepared to work hard, and rewarded hard.

If you're AB, make sure to go out of your way to take this. It will change the way you think for the better.

Start early on the assignments, because you never know how long it will take to program and get it to work

Very easy if you have any QR skills. Class is very fun and rewarding. Take for fun, there's not much work.

Try not to lose points. No curve will slay you on stupid header/comment/dumb points from assignments.

Definitely take this class. It's a lot of fun, and you don't need any prior experience to enjoy it.

Great course, I strongly recommend it to anyone. No prior experience in computer science necessary.

Definitely take this course. It may take a lot of time but it's very useful and you'll learn a ton.

Take it as your hardest class if you're a beginner, and definitely go to precepts and the lab TA's

Use the lab TAs and office hours for hw and everything you need help with. Everyone is so helpful.

Use the lab TAs if you are confused. The programming exams were the fastest 90 minutes of my life.

Definitely take COS 126. Programming is a great skill to have and the course is taught very well.

Take this course. Hands down. Don't worry too much if you have absolutely no experience in COS!

Don't be afraid to ask for help. It's not a knock to go to office hours, the TA lab, or Piazza.

Requires a large time commitment, but very doable, due to the amount of help that is offered.

Take the first few assignments seriously because they count the same as the last few ones....

Take it, its definitely challenging, but you learn a lot! (be prepared, exams can be tough!)

Whether you want to learn about computer science or not, you should definitely take COS 126.

I heard that this course will not be offered as a P/D/F option next year, so choose wisely!

Just because you have lots of coding experience doesn't mean you'll do well in the course.

Take it. Even if you don't need it for anything. But, be prepared to put in a lot of time.

If you haven't taken computer science before expect this to be a very challenging class.

Such a useful class! Applications everywhere, and I recommend it to absolutely everyone.

Awesome class, would definitely recommend it! Workload is not as bad as some people say.

Study for the midterm written exam! Do well there, and it will be a lot smoother saling

Take this class. It's a must. A lot of work but worth it. Get Donna as your preceptor!

The weekly assignments are interesting, and well worth the hours spent on each of them.

It is a good introduction, but the less background you have the more work it will be.

Read the textbook as much as you can and get ahead. At least stay on top of things.

Take advantage of all the people offering help and anyone can do well in this class.

Definitely take it! If you study even a little for the exams, they're not that hard.

Make sure to get help right away as soon as you get stuck, especially when coding.

This course will demand a lot of time. Be prepared if you have never coded before.

Take it: this is the one course you should take at Princeton before you graduate.

This is a fantastic intro course in java programming, which is a good life skill.

I would recommend getting a good preceptor, and reading the book before lecture.

If you want to learn some programming and have no experience, I would recommend.

I highly recommend this course. Give it a good effort, and you should be fine.

TAKE IT. It's one of the most interesting, best run classes I have ever taken.

Definitely take the course if you have never tried cos. It is a fun experience.

Do the work with as little help as possible to maximize your own understanding.

STAY UP TO DATE ON YOUR STUFF! DONT SKIP READINGS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! START EARLY

You'll learn a lot in this class, but it also requires a good amount of work.

It is a good course to fulfill QR, and generally a very good course to take.

Start programming assignments early and don't be afraid to ask questions.

The class is good. Theoretical stuff can be a pain. Assignments are fun.

Definitely take this class. Keep up with the work and don't fall behind.

Make sure you have a very good preceptor and don't fall behind at all.

Class varies greatly in time commitment. Not a great way to fill a QR.

COS126 can be time consuming but is very interesting and well taught.

Definitely take this course. It is a lot of fun and you learn a lot.

Don't go to lecture; I went to every lecture, and I probably failed

It is a very enjoyable course if you have the time for the reading.

Good, organized intro course; takes a substantial amount of time

It's a class definitely worth taking, but your GPA might suffer

Just take 109 unless you're going to pursue COS in the future.

Leave a few days in advance to do the programming assignments.

Read if even if you've programmed before, it's very helpful.

TAKE IT! If you have doubt TAKE IT! You won't lose anything.

Do the readings thoroughly and start your assignments early.

I would suggest that they read a bit about java beforehand.

GREAT CLASS! really interesting! I am so glad i took it!

Stay on top of EVERYTHING as you go along in the course.

Take it but be ready for a lot of hours for assignments.

Everyone should take this course. Sorry it is now npdf.

If you don't understand a concept, talk to a professor!

Useful class but nothing one cannot learn on one's own.

Take it by all means! It is very fun and not too hard.

Take it. It's fun, not hard at all, and pretty useful.

Cos could be very interesting if it were well taught.

Go to classes, and more importantly, go to precepts.

Practice programming as much as possible from day 1.

It will be a lot of work, but definitely worth it!

get started on the assignments early in the week

It's both fun and useful--absolutely worthwhile.

Go to lecture and start the assignments early.

Don't bother going to lecture, it's useless.

Start weekly programs as early as possible

Stop being computer illiterate and take it

very well organized class; you learn a lot

No matter what you are doing, take this.

Take it, but don't expect it to be easy.

Take this class! You will learn so much.

Make sure you get help when you need it

Prof. Clark is awesome awesome awesome

Start programming assignments early.

Don't take it if you don't have to.

Prepare well for the midterm/final.

Start working on assignments early.

It's good but takes a lot of time.

Practice coding in your free time!

Shop preceptors while you can!!!

Stay on top of your assignments!

Take it if you don't know Java.

Interesting, fast-paced class.

keepup and understand material

Study for tests more actively.

Go to lectures and precepts.

Start on assignments early

Keep up with the reading.

Pay attention in lecture.

Take it at your own risk.

start assignments early!

Start assignments early.

TAKE IT TAKE IT TAKE IT.

Takes some time, but fun

TAKE IT WHOEVER YOU ARE

Moves very very fast.

Take this course.

Study for exams.

Take this class

Good exposure

JUST TAKE IT

type fast

Take it.

Awesome

do it!

Do it.

CS majors have to take the course. For anyone else who plans on programming seriously, you must take this course because it will give you an understanding of what your code actually does and what your computer does with it. The course is well-organized and well taught but demanding. Be prepared to spend five to ten times as much time on each assignment as COS 126 and two to four times as much time as COS 226 (although there are no exercises and there are fewer assignments). Dr. Dondero is extremely thorough and helpful and it would be wise to find out which precept he is teaching. If the material does not come naturally to you, and you spent much more time than others understanding material in COS 126 or 226, be prepared for a rough semester.

This course is ridiculously hard. Avoid taking it with Peterson if at all possible, and getting Dondero as a preceptor is vital. But I'm not exaggerating when I say it is hard; I PDF'd, but I spent upwards of 25 hours on each assignment and a fair amount of time aside from that just to be able to pass. I guess the real question is: how much do you hate yourself?

The midterm was challenging and made me feel pretty stupid since I had studied more for it than my other midterms but did worst on it. The ability to do assignments quickly or program did not at all help on the written exam for me. Overall the class was interesting but challenging, but I would advise against taking it unless you are smart or PDFing (like me).

Don't freak out, programs are never as hard as they sound because they give you a lot of the component parts you need. Also, start early because towards the end of the semester, they introduce the next assignment before the previous is due, and then you're very confused and behind on the next assignment before you even start.

This is a really good course for anyone who is interested in computer science. Be warned, the assignments take a very long time, so start early. Also, try your hardest to get Robert Dondero as a preceptor, he is amazing. If you are willing to put in the time, you will get a lot out of this course.

One of the best classes I've taken at Princeton. Obviously, it takes a decent amount of time and debugging can be annoying, but when you finish, you really feel like a power programming. AND MAKE SURE YOU GET PROFESSOR DONDERO AS A PRECEPTOR. DO WHATEVER YOU HAVE TO DO. Seriously.

It's good. Try to get dondero, his precepts tend to remain the same ones from semester to semester, but its not vital. All the other preceptors are trained by his book and are very good as well. If this is outside your department, consider PDFing-- it will save you a lot of time.

Start your assignments early. C and x86 assembly are remarkably easy to write subtle bugs in. I spent hours several times fixing stupid one-line bugs that had terribly huge effects to my code. Make sure to make use of your preceptor/lab TAs more than I did, if necessary.

This course requires a pretty significant time commitment. Expect to spend roughly 20 hours on some assignments (due roughly every 2 weeks), but also know that the time commitment is unpredictable (you never know how long it'll take to debug a 217 assignment).

Definitely take it. Try to get Bob Dondero as a preceptor. He is as amazing as everyone says he is. It's a tough class and the assignments take a long time, but in the end it is very rewarding. Larry Peterson is a decent lecturer and very laid back.

This course is useful if you want to do any kind of systems programming; however, it's really boring. The programming assignments are tedious, and they can be really short unless you get a nasty bug, which seems to happen often.

I would strongly recommend this course for a computer science major. I would recommend this course to an engineer. I would be neutral about whether or not a non-engineer, non-computer science major should take this course.

Take this course if you're at all interested in learning about computer systems. Be prepared for a good deal more amount of work than 126 and 226, although I would definitely recommend taking it for the subject matter.

If you're liked COS 126 and you're not planning on being a COS major, take 226, 424, 402, etc instead. Unless you really like computers (like I do), this class will most likely not interest you very much.

Get Dondero for your preceptor. He does MW 1:30-2:20 and 3:30-4:20 every year. Don't waste your time going to lectures. If you pay attention in precepts you will learn everything you need to know.

I would recommend this class, especially for those who are interested in computer science. I think that PDF is a great option for the class, and it's too bad that that's not an option next year

Very difficult class that will take lots of time especially if you've never coded in C. Assignments take much longer than 226 and 126. Grading is tough. Make sure you reach out to Dr. Dondero.

Take it! It is really interesting (and very useful) even if you don't have much programming experience (I didn't have much). The workload is fair and you really learn a lot in this class.

Work hard on the programs but make sure you study the material otherwise the exams are really difficult. Get Bob Dondero for your preceptor! This is a pretty difficult course.

Definitely take this course if you are interested in what goes on in the inner workings of your executed code and your computer! It was challenging but a lot of fun!

Take COS 217! It's a terrific course--one of the best I've taken at Princeton. I loved learning about computer systems and systems programming. Highly recommended!

If you're at all curious about how your computer works under the hood, take this class. You'll learn a lot. Though be warned that it can take quite a bit of time.

Start your programming assignments early so you can take advantage of office hours. You will become a significantly better programmer through taking this course.

It's too much work to PDF. Either take it because you're interested and willing to devote most of your semester to the assignments, or because you have to.

Make sure you are ready for this course; this course made me wish that I had already known C, or maybe that I took COS 226 before 217. This class is hard.

Unless you are a COS major or someone who is ready to make this class their number one priority who doesn't have other difficult classes, don't take it

Take it if you think you might be interested in architecture or OS. Also, I'd recommend ELE 206, which is better taught on the whole and lower level.

This class is not as difficult as people will tell you (I'm not a COS major even) and it's actually really great. Don't be afraid and go for it.

Take it. Programming assignments take a bit of time. You learn some cool stuff like assembly language though. Well taught and guided class.

Start on assignments early. Pay attention to lecture slides for exams. Attend all precepts. Try and get into Professor Dondero's precepts.

Take this course -- it provides an excellent picture of how computers work and a broad knowledge of the C programming language.

Take this course if you're interested. By the end of it you will understand how computers work on a much more powerful level.

Good course - learnt a lot. But be prepared to work hard. A D is very possible if you don't care about the course enough.

Take this course - you learn a lot, although you have to work far more than in the majority of classes in the department.

Some of the topics could be rather dry, but I feel that this course provided a good introduction to programming systems.

Take it if you're getting a CS degree or a certificate. It's quite time consuming and very frustrating at times.

Be prepared to do a lot of work, but expect great satisfaction upon succeeding in the programming assignments.

It's a hard course. Be prepared to give in a LOT of coursework and make sure you love the course material.

Don't take it with Peterson. He doesn't know what a fair exam is. Other than that, it's a great course.

COS 217 is hard but rewarding. If you are willing to get challenged take it, you will not regret it!

Do not take this course lightly, it will consume your time. Pay attention in lecture and precept.

I would definitely recommend this course if you're at all interested in computer science.

If you are interested in programming and like to know how things work, take this class.

You absolutely DON'T want to walk out of Princeton without doing COS 126, 226, and 217.

Take this course if you're interested in computer science beyond the introductory lab.

Don't take it unless you want to work ridiculously hard and not have a life.

I recommend it to everyone who is interested in learning computer science.

Take this. Get Dondero. Win. Seriously though, it's not thaaat much work

Set aside time for the work. You'll learn a lot but things take a while.

Hit the ground running and get very good grades on your assignments.

Take it only if you are willing to spend 10 hours per week coding.

For the final, be sure to study all of the post-midterm lectures.

Great class, definitely take and get Dondero as your preceptor

The exams are really unfair, so don't expect to do too well.

Start programs early and use modularity as much as possible

Take it but be prepared to spend A LOT of time working.

Only take this if you are interested in the material.

Get Professor Dondero as your preceptor if you can.

You will learn a lot through doing the assignments.

Recognize that it will come to dominate your life.

Awesome course if you get Dondero as a preceptor

Start assignments early and go to office hours.

start everything early, and do the reading

do not get akshay mittal as a preceptor

Get Dondero. Seriously, you must.

Great course! Try to get Dondero

take it if doing cos certficate.

Very difficult course, but good.

Start your assignments early

Start the assignments early

It's a prerequisite...

Interesting class.

Take it

I took 217 first and found it to be much more interesting. This course requires you to just memorize a lot of random stuff that isn't really interesting at all. The assignments aren't too difficult, but a lot of them are very boring. The second half of the semester gets a little more interesting. Try to stay engaged in the material, otherwise the midterm and final will be brutal. Also, if you took 217 first, don't assume this class will be easy. That is FALSE

Don't take this course unless you are willing to spend a lot of time hashing out small details that will make you both a slower coder and not necessarily a better one. Even if you know the material perfectly, be prepared to not do well on the programming assignments since the grading for this class is horrible and arbitrary. If you aren't a cos major or need this class for a prereq and care about getting a grade you deserve, DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS.

Take this course before 217 if possible. 217 is a more difficult course and after having it under your belt, 226 is pretty straightforward. Overall, interesting course even though the material can be somewhat dry at times. I recommend Dushyant Arora as a preceptor, he basically spoon feeds you all the answers to the programming assignments. Do take, not too much work.

This is a solid course - it's pretty interesting and generally well-taught. A lot of underclassmen will take this class without many other difficult classes in their schedule, so if you're going to take it and try to get a high grade be prepared to be a bit of a perfectionist. Everything else about the class - the assignments, the teachers, etc. - were solidly good.

Take this course if you're interested in COS. You cannot piggy-back off a friend because you will do extremely bad in the final and now you can only work with the same person 3 times. It's also npdf. This is unfortunate because a lot of students who are genuinely interested will no longer be able to take the course but I can see why it had to be done.

This is a hard class and you're going to spend a lot of time on it if you want to do well on the programs. That being said, it's a very interesting class and I definitely recommend it if you're at all interested in Computer Science. The algorithms and data structures you learn are very applicable to the real world and this course is very well taught.

Get Joshua Hug as your preceptor! He was always extremely helpful for the assignments and he explained the concepts really well in class. Plus he's entertaining. The class itself was good, though definitely more challenging than 126. If you think you were a superstar in 126, you might reconsider after this class.

GREAT EXERCISES. It forces you to understand algorithm details each week. Please also review PREVIOUS WEEKS' concepts with each week's exercises -- I guarantee you will forget them and be confused during reading period. Anyway, great course. Read the textbook. Recommended even if you're not a COS student.

For exams, write down a all of the algorithms you have covered and minor notes on each of them, along with timing info and any relevant proofs. Making a good cheat sheet is the best way to study. Practice the algorithm design questions a lot, as those will make or break your grade on the tests.

Be careful with your readmes. You need to think about the performance of your programs, how much memory they take, etc. and you can't confirm results by hitting run like how you would with a program. Working with a partner can speed things up a lot if you work well with him/her.

Definitely worth taking for anyone who enjoyed COS 126. It covers interesting topics, and the assignments are quick and fun. Watch all of the lectures online (Coursera), as well. They really help solidify your understanding of the material, and Robert Sedgewick is the best.

This is a departmental for me, but I thought it was well-taught (both Arvind and Josh are great!!) and organized. The programs are much less time-consuming than COS 217's, and the whole course is on Coursera so you can learn at your own pace/make up for missed lectures.

This a great course to follow COS 126 with if you liked it. I'm not a computer science major but found the material pretty interesting and very applicable. The exams can be pretty tough, but if you're worried about the grade, just P/D/F the class and you'll be fine.

Start the assignments early if you are new to programming. Always go to office hours or TA hours if you are confused. Don't skip precept; they outline what to do for the assignments and you'll just end up wasting time trying to figure everything out on your own.

Take it! COS 226 is an easily recommended class for anyone remotely interested in learning more about the algorithms that were briefly mentioned in COS 126. It is an extremely well-taught class headed by two young, energetic, occasionally hilarious professors.

Read the lecture slides, know the running times of things, and be able to mechanically carry out algorithms. In almost every previous year, that was enough for an A. This year, the exams were significantly harder, so that probably wasn't the case.

This course is a great survey of important algorithms in computer science that helps develop practical programming skills. If you're interested in computer science from 126, definitely take it; it's the closest thing to a continuation there is.

Take it. Great class in almost every way. I'd would definitely recommend taking a class with Professors Arvind Narayanan or Josh Hug in the future. HOWEVER, I could see this class becoming very boring with an average professor.

This course teaches interesting and practical material and teaches it well. Be prepared for some frustration in the highly theoretical exams and weekly exercises. However, coding assignments are both cool and instructive.

Take it with Josh and Arvind! They are such wonderful lecturers and they make the class, they understand the students, and they represent the next generation of computer scientists. One of the best classes I've ever taken!

You don't really need to go to the actual lectures. Just follow the video lectures on Coursera, and play them at 2x the speed! (Think of all the time you can save this way.) The assignments are interesting, fun, and easy.

A great, interesting course. Definitely take it if you liked COS126 and want more. Beware that the programs are not as straightforward as they were before. There is definitely good reason to start early on these.

Anyone interested in practical or theoretical computer science should definitely take this course. I would also recommend this to any other analytical individual who has a slightly more philosophical side.

Decent course to take. Interesting material with cool applications. Subpar lectures at times, but that may be a result of the comfortable chairs and laid back atmosphere that induced me to sleep very often

Keep up with the readings and make sure you understand new concepts as you go - it builds on itself. Take assignments seriously, and don't be shy to ask for help - there's plenty available at all times.

This is a solid introduction to algorithms. There are a lot of assignments for the class, but none of them are incredibly hard. You'll cover a lot of interesting material, and it will be fun!

Stay on top of things. Prepare for the exams with ample time. Don't just gloss through the material; make an effort to really learn what's going on as we are actually learning the material.

Take this class if you want to do something programming related, or have the option. It teaches you the fundamentals of computer science that lets you pass pretty much any COS interview.

This class demands a lot of attention, but it's worth it. Some aspects of execution are a little mechanical, but the broader picture/algorithms you learn are really interesting.

Great course with great teachers. There were some incredibly smart people in the class with a lot of experience, so it was difficult to keep up with the advanced, extra topics.

If Josh is anyway involved in 226, take it. Ignore Maia's posts on Piazza (or just beware that her answers tend to be confusing and unhelpful - ask your preceptor or a lab TA).

Great course. You should try this class if you are even slightly interested in computers / computer science. It's very interesting and got a lot of good material online etc.

The material in COS 226 is a little bit dry but the class is really good and the amount of applications of the algorithms and data structures we learn are staggering.

For people interested in COS, even non-majors, this is a really cool course. The material is considerably drier than 126, but it's good to know and taught very well.

Start the assignments early, but that applies to just about any course. Also, take it with Josh and Arvind. They are probably the best lecturers I've ever had here.

A very good class that covers topics essential for any programmer. All the lectures are online, and can be watched at your convenience -- which is often helpful.

Attend lecture. (And try not to fall asleep b/c lecture is long, but you'll miss explanations). If you do fall asleep during lecture, watch the online lectures.

As usually, start assignments early and work on them daily. Your grade can be reduced significantly if you find a bug the day before and are unable to fix it.

Study hard for the midterm and final, and don't be fooled by the ease of previous years exams. Exams all around are becoming much tougher than in years past.

If you enjoyed COS 126, you should take it! It's not just programming, though. You really need to think about each algorithm and understand what's going on!

Definitely keep up with all the concepts. As someone who comes from a math background, I found the analysis of algorithms aspect (runtimes, etc) very fun.

Most people will be taking this because they have to but it's a good class nonetheless and you learn many useful skills and knowledge for programming.

take this class! start programs early and study hard for tests. algorithm design questions are very difficult so make sure you look at old exams.

This class is very difficult and the grading is set to high standards. The average for most projects throughout the semester is a 38 or 37/40.

Will take work and effort, but if you're interested in computer science, definitely worth it to take it! Josh and Arvind are lots of fun.

Good practice programming, learn fundamentals of computer science, much more interesting material than 126, esp. in second half of course.

The material itself is fascinating, and it is presented well and clearly in this course. Take it if you have any interest in the subject.

Just enjoy! It's a fun course--just be sure to understand the material as it's taught. Don't leave it all for the pre-exam-week studying.

Pretty much an extension of 126. Assignments weren't too complicated, nor did they take that much time, totally doable in a day or less.

Take this course if you enjoyed COS126. It's much more work, and it may take up the majority of your workload, but it's so worth it.

Take it only if you're really interested in programming. The assignments, though not conceptually difficult, can be quite tedious.

More difficult than I expected. Tests are difficult, for me at least as a non-COS major and one not particularly talented at COS.

Arvind is a decent lecturer, and Josh Hug is the best; try to get a precept with Hug if you can. The assignments are not too bad

A very good course, needed for majors, but still very interesting for non-majors who have the requisite programming experience.

Grading for assignments mostly revolve around preceptor, but it's a good course on algorithms, data structures, and analysis.

Great for learning about the basic data structures and algorithms. Also an introduction to computational theory and proofs.

A lot of work, so be prepared, but very interesting and helpful. Definitely do it if you're doing the certificate.

This class is not too bad, just do your work and study for the tests by doing practices and you should be fine.

Exams will always be longer and harder than any of the practice exams on the COS 226 website. Be prepared.

Good COS class with interesting assignments. Lectures can be a bit boring, but the material is useful.

Take it. It's interesting and fun. Josh Hug is fantastic. It's a bit more conceptual than 126 or 217.

Great course with some really interesting info. Go to lectures, watch Bob on Coursera, read the book.

If you like programming, take this course. It's absolutely essential knowledge for every programmer.

Go for it - great material and a brilliantly structured course. One of my favourite at Princeton.

It's great! Make sure you go to lectures and start the assignments early! You'll love the course!

Stay on top of knowing how the algorithms work, you get exposed to a lot of algorithms each week.

If you've taken COS 126 and want to learn more about COS, definitely look into this course.

Lot of time. Take it if you have to or if you have a genuine interest in computer science.

This class is much harder with Josh Hug and Arvind Narayanan than it was in previous years

I really enjoyed the course. It is very useful material even for non computer scientists.

Take it because you probably have to, and because the algorithms are very useful to know.

make sure you take this class seriously from the get-go; there is no PDF option anymore!

You absolutely DON'T want to walk out of Princeton without doing COS 126, 226, and 217.

Be prepared for a lot of work - coursera lectures way more helpful than actual lectures

The programming assignments are fun, but prepare to spend 2-3 entire days on each one!

Take it even if you're not a COS kind of person. I really learnt a lot and it was fun.

It's hard...but very rewarding! The assignments are very interesting and challenging!

I don't like the flipped format. Wasn't my favorite course but I worked really hard.

If you liked COS 126 and want something more challenging, this is the class to take.

Take it Josh/Arvind if you can, don't take it if it will be flipped lecture style.

Take it, but go to lectures and make sure you understand the material thoroughly.

It's a good class if you are interested in pursuing COS certificate or COS major.

Take it. Just stay on top of your work and reading, and you'll love the class.

Much better than COS 126 in terms of material covered. Take it before COS 217.

Definitely take this course. It's really good. The professors are the best!

Take it, never procrastinate since there is a ton of material to learn.

This is a lot more interesting that COS126 and definitely worth taking!

Great course. Arvind and josh are both entertaining and good lecturers

It's a good course to take if you are interested in computer science.

Take 226, especially with Arvind/JHug as lecturers. They were great!

Spend a good time understanding why the algorithms are important.

This course is incredible and most definitely should be taken.

Do not procrastinate: start the programming assignments early!

Don't take this class if they're doing flipped lectures again.

Great, fun course. Be prepared to put in the hours, though.

Really good course, but rather hard. I liked COS 217 better.

Take it! Just be aware that it is a time commitment.

Take it. It's something you should know in this era.

Great course. A lot of work but you'll learn a lot.

Take this class whether you're a COS major or not.

Make sure to read the textbook before lecture.

Try going for solo programming, it's more fun

Make sure to start assignments ahead of time.

TAKE IT!! It's interesting and applicable.

Get ready for analysis on analysis on java.

Start collinear early. Its the hardest one

If Arvind and Josh are teaching, take it.

Don't take senior spring unless for PDF

Make sure you study HARD for the exams!

Take it! You learn pretty cools stuff!

You should take it. It's interesting.

Interesting class, but really hard.

Pay attention and do the exercises.

Take it if you like COS.

Take it! A good course.

take it. you gon learn.

Definitely take it!!!

Don't sleep in class.

Just take it already.

Good followup to 126

Definitely take it.

Do the assignments!

do the reading.

Go to lectures!

Spend time

take it!

Take it.

This course runs at 2 paces. The first half of the semester is extremely fast paced, with 4 to 5 assignments all due within a week of each other and information about each assignment overlapping in lectures. Then, during the 2nd half, it runs extremely slowly because you have just one big project to work on. You learn Python in the first half, which is extremely useful and it is annoying no other class uses it (it's really easy too). The big project is invaluable experience working in a team, with languages you never heard of before, connecting backend and frontend work, github, waiting on others, organization, you name it. Out of anything you do in Princeton, this will feel the most "real world"ish. I personally did the course just to work on a final project. That said, your idea either makes or breaks you. My group flushed out our idea very well, but because it wasn't as "useful" as other ideas, we got penalized for it. Still, it was awesome and I learned a lot. Lectures in the 2nd half were uninspiring though. VERDICT: Take this course for the final project, expect a lot of work in the beginning of the semester, come up with an idea NOW.

This is one of the classes that you must take while you're at Princeton. Take it with Kernighan because he is a genius and super nice and he will learn you're name and say hi to you when he sees you on campus. The programming assignments during the first half of the semester were actually somewhat challenging, so make sure you give yourself enough time. The project was a great experience, especially if you've never done any software dev before. Make sure you find a good group because you'll have to spend a lot of time working with them and rely on them for your project's success.

This course is worth taking for the final project alone. It's an amazing experience. That said, be warned that you will need to take the first half of the course seriously, since the grading of the assignments is rather harsh. Also, the more friends you take the course with, the better. With these qualifications, this is definitely a class that every COS major (and any non-majors who have the prereqs) should take before graduating.

Unless you already have a lot of experience building real world applications (specifically websites or apps), I would say definitely take this course. Lectures and initial assignments are somewhat useless (although Kernighan is awesome), but the project makes the course worthwhile. I learned so much about web development and gained so much practical experience in the process that I have never had the time to get on my own.

This is a true must-take for COS majors/concentrators. The ~six week project is the best part of the course, and the more you put into it the more you get out. Prof. Kernighan is also a great professor, and someone you can actually talk to and get to you. He makes a point of taking everyone's picture during lecture and learning everyone's name. Not bad for a lecture with over fifty people.

This has been one of my favorite classes at Princeton. Great if you want some actual experience working on a somewhat-real software engineering project. I personally think it's worth it just to hear Kernighan talk about his own experiences, as he is such a brilliant and humble person. But definitely be ready to put a lot of time in on the project during the second half of the course.

If you're looking for a whirlwind tour of a dozen different programming languages, web frameworks, paradigms, and the like, take it! I think of this course as a high-level "introduction to computer science", and I personally liked it. If you're looking for depth, this course is probably not for you.

Definitely take this course, but make sure you either have other friends taking it or are willing to make friends since you'll need a solid group for working on your projects with. The workload is totally doable and its one of the most enjoyable and rewarding classes I've taken thus far.

If you have no other commitments during the semester and have ample time to lounge around, this is a stimulating, practical course you must take. If you have other important commitments (eg: a senior thesis to complete), COS333 is out of the question -- drop it immediately.

This class is a fun way to fulfill a systems requirement (if a COS major). If you work on the final project with friends and start early, it should be really interesting and rewarding! Professor Kernighan is great and really cares about his students!

I strongly recommend that CS majors take this course. Even those who are interested in coding/have CS friends who you want to work with. It provides great exposure to real-world programming and the environment in the software development industry.

If you're taking this course, it's probably either for the project or for Kernighan. However, it was my least favorite departmental this semester, and I felt that I didn't gain that much from the actual class--more from the deadlines it imposed.

This is pretty much the one COS class here that introduces you to coding in the "real world," and is worth it just for the project. It helps to have a few friends in the class that you can work well with for 6 weeks without hating each other.

Definitely take this class. Kernighan is pretty amazing. He often tells interesting anecdotes in lecture. Make sure you start on the project early. You will learn so much if you don't leave everything to the last moment!.

Great class with the great Professor Kernighan. Didn't learn all that much from lecture but they were generally interesting for other reasons (war stories from Kernighan). The final project was useful and pretty cool.

As a COS major, this class should be a strong consideration. Kernighan always has interesting stories, and the project will teach you a lot and give you a sense of what group projects can be like in the real world.

A great course. Take it with Kernighan. He's an amazing teacher and is an extremely nice, down-to-earth guy. The project is what you make of it. Put in a lot of hard work, and you will be pleased with the results.

You should definitely take this course. Professor Kernighan is amazing. The group project will cause you to learn about "real world" programming and software engineering in ways not taught in other COS courses.

Completing a large programming project will be a cool experience. Find a project you like and a team you can work with, and start your work early. If you do, then you shouldn't be rushed at the end.

You HAVE to take this course if you want to work as a software engineer. The breadth and depth of the material covered is amazing, and the final project is a really fun chance to be creative.

Final project is pretty cool. Lectures might not be the best (people either love them or hate them), but you'll learn through the assignments and projects! Kernighan's a pretty cool guy too!

If you haven't really programmed outside of structured assignments, take this course. If you've done a lot of programming projects on your own already, this course isn't very necessary.

As long as Kernighan is still teaching this class, definitely take it. He's an amazing professor. Get started early on your project! It's tons of work but very rewarding.

It's a solid systems course, you get exposed to a ton of different aspects of computer science in the lectures, and the project is a good learning experience.

You owe it to yourself to take it just so that you learn the basic process of building a real product. But the lectures themselves won't do much for you.

This class was really fun. Make sure you have a good group willing to put time into the final project and not someone flaky who is busy all the time.

Find a group of friends and take this class!! One of the best classes at Princeton, and Prof. Kernighan is a very entertaining lecturer.

If you are a COS major, it's a must-take. It really teaches you to learn how to make something from scratch. Such an invaluable skill.

BEST. COURSE. EVAH. The project makes up for the mildly boring lectures and the difficult early projects. Do it, do it NAUWGH.

Very good class. I would recommend it to anyone interested in computer science or with an entrepreneurial spirit.

Take this class, it's the best and Kernighan is the man. Just make sure you have a good group for the project.

Take it, overall it isn't too much work, you learn alot doing the project, and Kernighan is a good professor.

This is a really great course, but get a good group and make sure everyone works consistently on the project.

This course is the closest you can get to real programming work experience and is definitely worth taking.

It's worth taking - just make sure all of your group members contribute somewhat equally to your project.

Take this class if you're wondering how to make some sort of application. Very very good course.

Definitely take it because Prof. Kernighan is professor you should try to have if possible.

This class is awesome, make sure you keep track of the frameworks he suggests checking out.

I think most would agree this is a class every cos major should take before graduating.

Take this course if you want to break out of the mold and be creative with programming.

If you like writing code, or want to get better at writing code, take the course.

step 1) take 333,step 2) make an awesome project,step 3) ???, step 4) PROFIT!

Take it. Good way to fulfill one of the CS systems requirements.

The final project is an amazing experience. Take this class.

Must take: amazing professor and worthwhile final project.

Take the course. It's awesome. You won't regret it.

Find a group that you work well with and have fun!

Take it! You'll learn a lot about web programming.

Don't let yourself get behind. It'll burn you.

Building the project is a great experience.

Take it for kernighan, get a good group

Get a good group together early on

Best course at Princeton

Start everything early.

A must-have for CS.

Be careful

Great!

Though I was always very interested in AI, I had been put off by the size of the course; I wasn't so interested in taking huge, standard-seeming departmentals. However, I grew more interested in the course as I read the readings and attended the lectures and did the assignments - this course is definitely structured very well. The lectures are drier than they could be (Schapire is presents lectures like they're algorithms), but Schapire is still a great professor and the material is simply amazing. Definitely a worthwhile course to take and to not put off.

Do take it if you're at all interested in the subject matter. The lecturer really knows this area well, and the assignments are great (and not unreasonably difficult). Despite the 400 classification, it doesn't require any kind of prior knowledge or programming experience beyond 126-226, though some math or statistics background is helpful for following the probability stuff covered in lecture.

Take it! I really really liked this class. Even if you're not a COS major, it's really interesting. Schapire is a great lecturer and the TAs are really accessible and helpful as well. Does require a decent amount of work though, not necessarily easy (most people do quite well on the assignments) but it is so worth it!

You will learn a lot by taking this class. With that said, there is a lot of material, and the assignments are very time consuming, specially if you do the extra credit part. The grading is very harsh and can be really unfair at times. If you care a lot about your grades, this class will be really stressful.

This course was a lot more challenging and mathy, especially in the first part of the semester, than I expected. Take it if you're interested in AI, but be prepared for challenging problem-sets and time-consuming assignment reports. Start things early: late days that disappear quickly will be regretted.

The subject of AI is somewhat less exciting than it sounds, but this is still a good course. The lectures are good, and the assignments and final are well-written and organized. The written assignments take some time, but there is a pretty generous late day policy.

A solid introduction to pretty much all the relevant topics in artificial intelligence. Programming assignments can take a decent amount of time, but shouldn't be a problem as long as you don't start it the day before it's due. Grading was generally fair.

Definitely take it. Assignments really aren't that bad, but be very careful to check over your code and psets. I haven't seen another COS class with such a low median on the assignments (especially the first one. It's easy, so don't lose those points!)

This is a very good applications course for COS majors and certificates. The material is useful for independent work in a number of departments, and it doesn't require you to have taken COS 340 or other upper-level COS classes.

This class can take up a good bit of time but never gets very hard and covers a lot of interesting material. However, if you've taken algorithms and probability courses, you will have seen much of this material already.

It's a cool course that has a lot of information. Some programs take longer than others (30 hours vs. 10 hours) so plan accordingly. I'd recommend, take it with other COS classes because it doesn't take much time.

A decent CS course. Note that more emphasis is placed on the write-ups than on code; it's a drastic shift compared to 226. Take if interested in the field. Not strictly required for the Princeton experience.

If you're interested in AI or an intro to machine learning, take this class! The class moves pretty quickly and covers lots of material, but you'll learn a lot of interesting stuff about this cool field.

I would definitely encourage them to take the course. Even if you are not a computer science major, the material will still be understandable and it applies to so many different fields.

This is probably a good course to take, but it is not super exciting. The programs are interesting, but the problem sets are less than fun. Grading is also a little bit arbitrary.

The programming assignments are fun and not to difficult. I found the problem sets to be kind of a pain. The biggest thing to know is that Schapire will put you to sleep.

The course is like a continuation of 226. 402 is particularly interesting because the field of AI is still very young. Prof. Schapire definitely knows his stuff.

AI is massively useful. You *will* run into these algorithms and concepts if you ever end up doing COS in the real world. This is a pretty good class to take.

If you like the material, you should take it. Don't expect much from the lectures, but you will certainly learn a lot of useful and interesting information.

This should be a must-taking course if the student is thinking about pursuing further study in the area of machine learning and artificial intelligence.

Take it. Awesome course. The workload varies and it can really depend on how much you want to put into it, but overall, definitely worth taking.

The concepts of this class are interesting, but the course does come with a fair amount of work so be prepared to invest some time.

If you are interested in AI and are looking for a class that covers both the applied and theoretical side, definitely take it.

This is one of the good ones. Worth taking for its well-prepared curriculum, subject relevance, and quality of instruction.

This will take up time with weekly assignments, but the subject matter is pretty useful for any sort of AI based problem.

Take the course! Number of interesting topics that are very relevant to modern computer development are covered.

AI is an interesting field, so I would recommend taking this course even if it isn't particularly enjoyable.

AI is an interesting field. Everyone passionate about mathematics or computer science should learn about it.

If Schapire's teaching, take it! I can't imagine a clearer presentation of the topics covered in this class.

The book is very good. Lectures aren't necessary, but provide a good introduction before reading the book.

Be prepared for weekly problem sets. The course was taught well with an overview of a lot of material.

For the student who is really curious about AI but remember be with solid math and logic background.

If AI sounds interesting, take this course. It's not too bad work-wise and the problem space is fun.

Very tough course for non-majors, but very well-designed and very rewarding to take.

Do not take unless you are pdfing or want to do a considerable amount of work.

If you want to learn AI this is your best chance in life, don't miss it.

This course is really interesting and taught well - you should take it!!

This course is well-run and covers a lot of pretty interesting material.

If you enjoyed the material in COS226, then you'll like this class.

Very helpful. Can gain practice in programming at the same time.

Unless you need to, or are fascinated by AI, don't take it

Be aware of the Udacity AI course. It's a great resource.

Okay course, a lot of work for basic algorithm concepts.

Student's of all backgrounds can fit in in this course

Yes, it is a great introductory course for the field.

Good times, pretty much like 226 in terms of workload

It's super interesting and the assignments are great.

Very interesting course, would definitely recommend

I loved it, it's a great applications elective.

Don't take this course during a busy semester.

I would highly recommend taking this course.

Give thorough answers on problem sets

Its a lot of work, but rewarding.

Start your problem sets early.

A course very worth taken.

Take it, its awesome.

A great COS class.

Take it!!!!!!

Great Course

Must Take!

Yes.

If you have any interest at all in cryptography or information security, I would strongly recommend you take this course. It is a very easy workload. The first three assignments are individual, and take several hours to complete, but all subsequent assignments are very interesting, open-ended group assignments that can take however much time your group is willing to spend on them. Not only is it a relatively easy course, but it is definitely one of the more interesting courses. I took operating systems and cos 445 concurrently with this class, and this had by far the best ratio of enjoyment/satisfaction to work put in. Take this course! :)

This is a very good course to gain general knowledge on information and computer securty; I would almost consider this a sort of survey course. However, if the other student is looking for a more detailed discusson about specific topics covered in the course such as crypto or network security, then the student is better off taking a course in that specific topic. I would also point out that the homeworks in this course aren't programming-heavy but rather focus on making the students design secure computer/information systems and evaluate other students' designs.

If this fits your schedule, take this course, no questions about it! Not only is it fascinating to just about everyone, but it's well taught even beyond the standards of the COS department. And an opportunity to learn from Professor Felten shouldn't be missed. This class had 3 programming assignments, 2 design (team) assignments, 2 design review (team) assignments, and 1 hacking assignment (also team). The first two programming ones and the hacking one are time-consuming.

attend every lecture. Make sure you get a full score in each assignment. Make sure you practice with practice finals enough to be in that mindset. Make sure you have a good enough team that doesn't neglect this class just because they are taking some other more intense departmental like OS, cuz then either you'll have to do or the work or you'll end up doing badly on the assignments. Overall, good applications departmental course.

This is a great class to take if you're interested to learn more about information security. It won't have the same mathematical rigor as a cryptography class, and the second half feels more like a humanity class than a computer science one. If this doesn't bother you (or if, like me, it actually makes you more interested in the class), then you should consider taking it.

If you are a COS major (or just someone with an interest in security who can program) definitely take this course. It is extremely well taught, and (I assume) some of the kinks in the assignments will be worked out in the future. This class is best it you sign up for it with friends you can work in a group with, since most assignments are group assignments.

This was a very good course, and I would definitely recommend it to any COS major or student with a general interest in the subject matter. The assignments are a lot of fun and are not particularly difficult or time-consuming, so it's probably on the easier side of upper-level COS courses.

This course is great, and Ed Felten is one of the best lecturers at Princeton. Consistently interesting, clear, and relevant, and on top of that, not that much more work to add to your schedule. If you have the opportunity and background to take this course, it would be silly not to.

If you do nothing else with your life take this class. Professor Felten is an incredible lecturer. As someone who routinely falls asleep in their classes I had no problem paying attention. The assignments are challenging but reasonable and fun.

Take it! Fairly light workload, interesting stuff, and good lectures. Professor Felten is great. Only issue is that it's a survey of many topics, so if you've read up on some of them independently you won't get as much out of it.

I can't say enough good things about this class. It was by far the least time consuming of my COS departmentals, the material is fascinating, and the assignments are fun. If you're on the fence, definitely take it!

Really great survey of all sorts of issues in security. Professor Felten really knows his stuff and has tons of real world stories from his work at the FTC to regale you with.

This course is a good introduction to security, so take it if you need to learn the basics. Don't expect a lot of programming...most of the assignments are written reports.

Take this class! Well taught and well run, and a little less work than comparable classes. Sometimes can be more about common sense than detailed computer science.

Definitely recommend this course very highly, it is incredibly interesting through and through, and Prof. Felten exudes awesomeness from his ears. That is all.

Fantastic course. It's a privilege to pick Ed Felton's brain about security. Balance of practical and theoretical, entertaining, Josh Hug is the best AI ever.

If you have any interest at all in computer science, take this class. It's one of the best classes I have ever taken at Princeton. When doing

Not a very demanding course. You learn some very interesting things, if you're into computer science or technical policy. Felten is great.

This is a great course. I'd recommend it if you have any interest in the subject, even if you feel like you don't know anything about it.

Absolutely take it! Ed Felten is an amazing lecturer, Josh Hug is a great preceptor/TA, and the lectures/assignments are both fantastic.

Take it. A lot of nonmajors take it too, and in-depth understanding of computer science concepts is not a prerequisite.

Take this course if Ed Felten is teaching. Even if you don't think you're interested, try it. A must for all CS majors.

Definitely take it. Ed Felten's lectures are great, the assignments are worthwhile, and get easier overall as they go.

Don't just take this course because of its famed infrequency; make sure you're really interested in the material.

You'll need to spend a lot of time looking at Information Security outside of lectures to really enjoy it.

Felten is fantastic. The assignments are fun. Material is not difficult to grasp. A must-take course.

Take it! The assignments, especially the last, are interesting and enjoyable even when frustrating

Take this course if you're a COS major, COS certificate person, or think it would be interesting.

Take it! Felten is the man, and the assignments teach you a surprising amount about security

A very interesting course. Professor Felton is one of the best lecturers in the school.

Make sure to take this class with a friend because there are lots of group assignments.

Very interesting course, not such a heavy work load, just make sure you go to lecture.

Take it. The class should seriously be renamed "Ed Felten is a Boss". He's awesome.

Take this course!!! Definitely one of my favorite courses at Princeton so far.

It's very interesting. I recommend you take it if you like computer science.

I would highly recommend this course. Great lecture, interesting material

Absolutely take this course if you can. Everything is just top-notch.

Do it. It's really fun and not that much work, and you learn a lot.

Take this course if your interested in information/cyber security.

Take it, please. It is one of the best courses at Princeton.

Take good notes during lecture, start early on assignments.

A great general COS course. No reading, good problem sets.

Take it! It's not too time consuming and Felten is amazing

Take this class and learn computer security from the best!

Take this. No question. Do not hesitate. Felten is a god.

Great lectures, light workload, difficult to get an A

Dear God, take it. Just take this course. Please.

Probably one of my favorite courses at Princeton

Take it. It's only taught once every two years.

Great, interesting class! High-level approach.

Very cool, minimally time-consuming course.

Fascinating material, excellent lectures.

Take it as an applications for sure!

Great course! Definitely recommend.

Good course. Take it if you can.

Brush up on your linux skills.

TAKE THIS CLASS. TAKE IT.

Definitely take it.

Fantastic class!

Take this class.

Must take it!

Great course

meh. sure.

Take it!

Take it.

Take the course! You will not regret it. The subject material is fascinating and you get to learn the latest in the field. The lectures are very well explained and prepare you for the midterm and final. The readings simply complement the material so pick and choose what you read. The precepts were a ton of fun. And the final term paper was quite rewarding since we had the chance to delve into a topic of our choice. Wonderful course!

If you?re an EEB major, you definitely want to take this course to get a feel for a modern approach to animal behavior. However, I strongly recommend to non-EEB majors as well due to its large breadth and relevance to many different connected areas such as psychology and even politics. Lectures are intriguing and Prof. Couzin is a dynamic teacher.

Definitely do the readings after lecture to get a sense of what is important/what isn't necessary. If you are having trouble, do reach out to Professor Couzin -- he is very open and willing to meet with students and answer any questions or mitigate any concerns you may have.

Don't even think about taking Professor Gould's class over this, you'll learn so much more with Professor Couzin. Not just about animals and their collective behavior, but about how collective patterns emerge at every level of biology. Really, it's such a fascinating course.

Professor Couzin is a very good lecturer and the subject matter is really interesting. It's not extremely well organized, but it you're good at taking notes and keeping yourself organized then you'll be completely fine.

You learn a lot of things you wouldn't even think you'd want to learn or that you even knew you could learn about. If you're in EEB take it, if you're not take it for fun anyway.

Great overview of current research topics in animal behavior, especially if you are interested in modeling or group behavior. Very interesting content.

Take it with Couzin in a heartbeat...hard to beat his style of lecturing and the topic is just great...by the way, cookie breaks every class? Amazing.

Really great course! Takes steps beyond neuro classes and more interesting and applicable than EEB 311. Professor Couzin is an awesome lecturer.

This is a very, very interesting and fun course. Couzin is an amazing lecturer. Great course, highly recommended.

I would definitely recommend this class as I found it very interesting and worthwhile.

If you want a really up-to-date perspective on animal behavior, take this class.

Fascinating subject material presented by a great and enthusiastic professor.

I would suggest taking this course if you enjoy the subject matter.

Take advantage of break time to bounce ideas off of Prof. Couzin!

take it. very interesting material and not a lot of work.

Take the course! It is amazying and interesting.

Very interesting and well-taught class.

It is a very interesting class

It's a lot of work

Great course

Take it!

neutral
This was a very difficult, but rewarding class. Yes, problem sets and challenging and long. Yes, some labs will take a very long time to complete and sometimes focus on MATLAB programming instead of the concepts of the course. But I emerged from this course with a strong understanding of signals and systems. This was some of the most interesting material I've seen while at Princeton, and is vastly applicable to many different domains. I would recommend this course, but be prepared to work hard. I also found that Professor Cuff was not the best lecturer--check out Brad Osgood's Fourier Transform lectures from Stanford and Oppenheim's Signals and Systems lectures from MIT. You might also find Oppenheim's text helpful, as well as the Schaum's Outlines text on Signals and Systems.

The rigor of this course makes it suitable for those of the more quantitative mindset (although qualitative understanding helps tremendously for intuition). The entire course uses the concepts learned in the beginning of the year, so do not dismiss any questions or confusions you have about the first few weeks; they will come back to haunt you. It is a fascinating course that reveals a lot about modern technology, but with that comes a heavy load of difficulty.

This course is a great introduction to signals and real-world systems, and how to handle them mathematically. But if you're looking for a course to teach you how to use Matlab, even though you do code in Matlab, this might not be the best course to take, because you really have to learn it on your own.

Don't take this course. The math is extremely hard, the labs are unnecessarily long and totally uninstructive and the p-sets take a long time to complete. If you are taking it (for ELE requirements or something else), then be prepared to put in a lot of time to really understand the material.

Take this course. Don't worry that our labs were too long...I'm sure they'll fix that for next year. The department really cares about these things and want us to be happy. The material is very interesting, though it really helps to have a bit of linear algebra to understand things.

It started bad but with time it got better. IF you see any negative reviews then that's because at the beginning things were hectic with this course being re-structured. It is not as easy as it used to be but you learn A LOT. GO FOURIER!!

This is a hard course, unless you're a math whiz. If you're an ELE major, you don't really have a choice. If you're COS, like me, you'll get some experience with MatLab, but the topics themselves aren't that closely related to hardware.

This was Paul Cuff's first time teaching ELE 201 and it shows. He was a decent lecturer, but the class wasn't too well organized, labs were too long, it was hard to gt help, etc. Try and wait to take it with Kulkarni.

If you like easy, applied math, then take the course. If you hate frustration and terrible debugging experiences, don't. Also the graders actually have no idea about the material or how to grade it.

Don't take the course unless you are an ELE major or unless many changes are made to it. If you have to take it, start your work early, and try to go to the (very few) office hours available.

Expect a hard course and expect a lot of self teaching, especially if Professor Cuff is the teacher. Use online courses at Stanford and MIT to help teach you the material.

Take it only if you're interested in this material. I wasn't particularly interested, but some of my colleagues who were claimed to enjoy this course much more than I did.

If they manage to fix up the labs, I would definitely recommend it. Otherwise, if you're not an ELE major, be wary about how much time in the lab you'll end up spending.

Take it if you are interested in ELE or COS (it is related). Also, the Fourier Transform is generally useful. It came up in my Linear Algebra and Physics: EM courses.

ELE201 is a good course to take even if you're not an ELE major. The material is interesting, it is not too much work, and Professor Cuff is an amazing lecturer.

This course seems like more of a math class than an electrical engineering course. It also has quite a steep curve, and requires a significant time commitment.

This will eat a lot of your time. In reality, you need a decent grasp of Matlab, and be prepared to struggle with the calculus. Especially if you're a freshman.

Essentially a math course with an engineering focus. The material is very interesting, but be prepared to work if you haven't had diff eq/matlab experience.

If you're not ELE, take this course if you're interested in information theory, control theory, or how to analyze signals in the frequency domain.

Start the problem sets and labs early as they often take much longer than you think. Do outside reading too besides just the lectures.

Don't take it with Cuff. The labs and problem sets are long and painful. Unless you're PDFing, it's going to be too stressful.

A lot of stuff taught (Fourier, delta function) will be used in Physics and Maths as well. It is a good course overall.

Go to as many office hours as you can and work with people. This class is no longer as easy as it used to be!

I learned a lot, but unless you make the effort to work with other people, don't take it unless you have to.

Don't take this course unless you know you are an ELE major! It's very hard and takes up a lot of time.

You learn about the fourier transform. It's interesting stuff, class is pretty disorganized though.

Don't take it unless you have to and don't expect to get out of lab at the prescribed time.

A very fun course! Shouldn't be too challenging for anyone with a technical background.

Take it if and only if you're an electrical engineer or a computer scientist.

Great course but be warned, the labs and problem sets take a very long time.

Take it only if you are an ELE major, not otherwise.

Pretty good class but also challenging

Take it.

Take it!!! One of my favorite classes that I've taken at Princeton. Low-stress, not much work. You'll learn a ton about infectious disease and have fascinating discussions. It's nice that there's no precept: class is discussion-oriented, and you do your work on your own time. Don't be intimidated by the presentation! It is not a big deal, and is a really valuable experience.

Definitely take it! Mahmoud and Shenk are great to talk to and learn from. No midterms/precepts makes it an excellent Senior Spring course. Workload is minimal and depends on you: you get what you put into the course.

This class is an excellent course that demonstrates how science and medicine relate to policy. I think this is a must take course for pre-med students and students interested in public health.

This course was definitely one of my favorite courses at Princeton and I would recommend it to anyone interested in molecular biology and/or public policy.

I would recommend this course for anyone interested in the science aspect of public health. Take advantage of opportunities to participate during lectures

I would recommend this course, but be prepared to work a lot for the final presentation and be sure to pick your group members wisely.

This was an excellent MOL departmental. Easily one of the best MOL classes I've taken during my 4 years here!

Really easy course. It isn't that interesting, but Mahmoud is a really awesome guy if you get to know him.

Great course for senior spring -- interesting material, fantastic professors, really manageable workload.

This is a fantastic class! Professor Shank and Professor Mahmoud are brilliant and wonderful lecturers!

Definitely recommend taking this class! My favorite class of the semester by far.

Ask a lot of questions during lecture so the professors get to know who you are.

Anyone interested in disease should absolutely take this class.

Complete the readings. engage in class discussions regularly.

Take it, you won't regret it

I think those that want to take Integrated and will benefit most from it will inevitably end up there. To someone thinking about pursuing research, to people who love science, to those who are genuinely fascinated by the mysteries and the triumphs of science spanning multiple disciplines, integrated is the answer. I would warn them of the long, very long, nights in Icahn, the very difficult problem sets, the on-average 40 hour labs, the times when I felt like I was in way over my head; but for those who will really benefit from integrated, this is not likely to deter them. It is, in fact, likely to encourage them, and I think that those people belong in the integrated program and will grow in understanding, in scientific ability, in strength, and in confidence by taking it. I think that I have been lucky in the group of people taking it this year - we have a fabulous atmosphere, strongly encouraging collaboration, and generally have become a tightly knit group of fellow science enthusiasts. I oscillate between being completely astounded by how brilliant these people are, thrilled that I get to work with them, and just plain amazed at the science we get to delve into. In short, I would recommend those meant for integrated to take it; it is, hands down, worth it. It will not be easy, but it will be rewarding.

Definitely try the course if you are interested but do not be afraid to drop. It is an enormous amount of work (easily 40 hours some weeks for me) but worth it if you are interested. However, be careful of taking on too hard a remaining schedule while taking this course. For example, while it is possible to take MAT 215 and integrated together, the students who did so did not seem to get as much out of the course and had a needlessly difficult time. Similar advice applies to other intensive courses.

This is the most interesting course you can imagine. The lectures are interesting, even the problem sets are interesting. It's difficult, and takes a lot of time, but it's 100% worth it, especially since not only are the professors and grad students very available to help you, but the community is such that everybody helps one another. Definitely take this course.

Take this class if you have a strong interest for the sciences and for the future of the sciences. The future is in computer science and the integration of the sciences, and this will prepare you very well for a research-oriented scientific career. Be warned, the workload is immense.

I would definitely take this course, and I suggest some familiarity with physics and chemistry, and calculus in advance. The course work, such as problem sets is reasonable, as long as you find people to ask questions and are not afraid to ask questions when confused.

I would recommend this course to those wishing to pursue an extremely (sometimes to the point of absurdity) rigorous course which will foster the kind of quantitative thinking necessary for all sciences in the 21st century. But it cannot be taken lightly.

Be careful. This course can be interesting and is definitely a unique opportunity, but it is not for everyone. The workload is exceptional and if you take this course, you absolutely should not be taking five courses your freshman fall.

If you're really interested in science and want to do research in the future, this class is perfect for you. You also have to work really hard, but you get really close to your classmates. The professors are awesome, too.

Make sure you really are prepared for it before you enter. This course is incredibly hard but it is a very enriching course that forces you to think on a different level.

It's going to be extremely time-consuming and difficult, but you'll get a lot out of it. Don't take if you don't want to major in one of the natural sceinces.

If you are ready, and you want to challenge your self, then do it. This course is challenging, but if you are up to the challenge, you are going to love it!

Take this course if you are truly willing to learn a new approach to science. Don't take this course if you want to have a lot of extra time.

It's really tough, a lot of work, especially for a freshmen. But it's very intellectually satifiying with some of the best instructors.

Only take the course if you are willing to invest huge amounts of time especially initially, or settle for a less than average grade.

Take people seriously when they tell you this class is a lot of work. Be prepared to stay at Icahn for several hours every night.

Take this course if you're serious about science and are willing to put in close to 40 hours a week of work.

Don't take this course unless you're sure you want to do a science major - in that case, it's great.

You should take it.

Definitely take this course if you're interested in any form of engineering. It's a good intro to engineering principles from a structural standpoint, and Haataja is a great resource of information. He genuinely cares that his students learn, and he encourages them to seek his help if they need. It's important to do the reading from the textbook before class; otherwise, it is difficult to follow the lecture and you'll find yourself frustrated and feeling like you're wasting time. So do the reading and pay attention - then you'll actually know what's going on and feel enriched after class. Bring the lecture notes to lecture so you can follow along, and take additional notes on them for the maximal effect.

Take this course. Even if you're not an MAE student, if you have an interest (even a minor one) in the physics of solids, you won't be disappointed. The lectures and readings are all very interesting and stimulating, but the course in no way drowns you with work as some other courses do. The people working in this course seem to have a keen drive to make the experience of taking this course worthwhile, and it shows. I strongly recommend it.

The lectures are really helpful and the slides explain stuff really well, but it also helps if you do the readings in the book. Prof. Haataja is a nice and very helpful guy, so do not hesitate to go to his office hours or just shoot him emails and ask questions. I like the course! Strongly recommend it!

This is a challenging but rewarding course, and definitely well worth the time and effort. Professor Haataja is an awesome lecturer. However, be prepared for the problem sets and exams to be fairly challenging. Definitely find some friends to work with, because it helps immensely.

Read the Notes, Read the book, Go to lecture because Mikko tells awesome stories and is just agenerally an awesome person, spend a good deal of time preparing for the final it is much harder than the midterm. Get to know the TA's as well they are great resources.

Do the reading. It is very light and helpful. Many of the problems in the problem sets correspond to the problems in the book. The lectures are very good and so are the office hours. The problem sets can be long and hard at times so plan accordingly.

Take it if you've taken PHY 103, whether or not you're not a Mechanical Engineer. From what I've heard about the CEE version, MAE 223 blows it out of the water. Professor Haataja is one of the best teachers at Princeton.

If you get interested then the course is great. Problem Sets take a bit of time when you do them for the first time but by the time the course is over youll be able to do the problem sets in under 30 mins each.

This class is hard. Really dedicate yourself to the material. It builds on itself and falling behind is deadly. Do problem sets with a group to make them take less time. The exams aren't terrible.

If you need to take a Solids course, take it with Professor Haataja. He is incredibly engaging and clear and the course is perfectly reasonable in terms of time commitment necessary to do well.

You'll probably take it because you have to, but it's not too painful if you work in groups and you pay close attention to the weekly readings - which aren't long at all and you'll learn a lot.

This is a great course if you are interested in the material and don't mind spending time on problem sets. The material is really interesting and the professor is absolutely amazing!

Take it, even if you're not MAE. If you're CEE, consider Mikko's class if it fits into your schedule I don't think it's that easy to surpass his teaching skills in this subject.

If you are a MAE student, you won't really have a choice about taking this class, but nonetheless Mikko is a great professor and Solid Mechanics is a good class.

I'm not sure how interesting students would find this course if they didn't have a strong background in mechanics or found PHY103/105 to be interesting.

This class is a good introduction to the sort of things useful for mechanical engineering, and you won't have to work too hard at it either

Good course, though some problems require going to office hours/problem sessions so start on problem sets early, obviously.

Start the problem sets early, go to office hours. Review all of the completed problem sets that are returned to you.

Very well taught class! Do the problem sets, go to precept, lecture, office hours and you're good for the class!

Stay on top of things especially in the second half of the course which is significantly more difficult.

Any MAE has to take this. You'll spend time on it, but it should actually be a rewarding experience

If you are considering taking this course, you're the kind of person that would enjoy this course.

Only take this course if it is a departmental, but know that you will enjoy it and learn a lot.

I personally didn't go to the problem solving sessions, but I hear they help a lot, so go!

Somewhat interesting material, make sure to go to lecture and stay current on the concepts

Do problem sets well, and keep up with the course (especially toward the end)

Mikko is a great lecturer and this has been my favorite class this fall.

Mikko is a great lecturer and his office hours are very helpful.

If you go to class and read the textbook you'll do fine.

Only take it if it is a requirement.

My favorite class this semester

Do the problem sets.

TAKE THIS COURSE!

Attend classes.
Arnold is one of the best professors you will have at Princeton. The materials is clear and interesting, and the lectures are extremely entertaining. Seriously. He's also very accessible, and often reminds the class that he's available to talk to. If you're interested and going above and beyond the course material into some really interesting stuff, Arnold offers to help with that too. Definitely take the course.

I wouldn't recommend taking this class unless it is required. Do not expect to do well on tests if you do well on homework assignments. The exam questions are much more difficult, and time is a huge factor.

Take this course to learn cool materials science, Tests will be difficult (compared to Homework) so prepare accordingly. I personally think Prof. Arnold needs to set up a Piazza site for this course.

Take this course with Professor Arnold! He is amazing and i actually looked forward to lecture every week. You learn a lot and the homework really prepares you for the tests.

Not too hard, make sure to get the book obvi. If you like materials it should be fun but if not, it'll be fairly easy to sleep your way through the class.

This is a great course to take in conjunction with MAE223 Solid Mechanics- they are both telling different sides of the same story.

Don't shy away from this course. It's definitely worth taking, and you may consider the Materials certificate as a result.

This class is cool, I think you should all take it. Professor is great. Read the book, use the textbook's student website.

Professor Arnold makes materials science very interesting, and is very approachable with questions and feedback as well.

Go to Arnold's office hours. He is very helpful and good with the one-on-one. (when he has time).

Take it. Gives a whole new microscopic view on everything around us and why stuff happens.

If you have to take a materials class for anything, take this one.

If you go to lecture and read the textbook you'll do fine.

Keep up with the material there's A LOT of it

Take this with Craig. You won't regret it.

Take it if Professor Arnold is teaching

Interesting for a mechanical engineer.

Study hard for the exams!

Take it as a sophomore.

Study for the final!!

Class attendance.

Go to lectures

You get out of this class what you put into it. If you attend lecture, study for the exams, and take the labs halfway seriously, you will learn a lot of extremely interesting and relevant information. If you blow it off, you probably won't learn anything or understand what you're doing in lab. This is often described as a "gut" course. Although it is extremely easy to pass if you P/D/F it, if you want to get an A, you'll have to study a fair amount for the exams.

Although this class is supposed to be "science for the scientifically challenge", don't let this fool you. Because we are trying to cover so much in such a short period of time, learning the material is often overwhelming. Fortunately, there are many opportunities to go to office hours. In addition, the exams are difficult. As a whole, the is definitely recommended for a person who has general interest in the class and is willing to put in the work.

Even if you don't have any interest in biology or the sciences, take this course! It is a great way to fulfill the ST requirement and learn about very relevant topics. It is not a lot of work throughout the semester - at most 20 minutes a week for the labs - and the tests are very fair. The lecturers understand that most of the students are humanities students, and therefore gear the lectures for non-science students.

Definitely take this course. The professors are unmatched and the subject is interesting. It's science at a completely relevant level, and made relevant to your life as a citizen, as every class should be. Professor Bassler really struck me when she explained that understanding DNA evidence would be vital both if you ever work in the judicial system, but also any time you might be on a jury.

I would take it if you're looking for a harder science than Bridges or Natural Disasters offer. You'll learn things in this course that are actually useful and help you understand the modern world. A good course to PDF too-- if you attend all the lectures (which isn't that hard) and study for a couple hours before the exams, you can definitely pass.

ONE OF THE BEST CLASSES I WOULD RECOMMEND TO ANYONE IN PRINCETON!!!! You realize the importance of having great professors and you realize how insightful the ELITE professors (Nobel Prize Winners and McArthur Prize Winners) are! Something EVERYONE should have a chance to experience. The value of Princeton education is evident in this class!

Definitely take this course if you need a science for a requirement! It's super easy and requires absolutely no work except for studying for the exams. Also a ton of people PDf this class so if you don't, it's easy to do pretty well because the curve only gets better and better as the semester goes along.

First of all, students should attend all of the lectures, and they should take relatively detailed notes on the slides corresponding to the teacher's explanations. This is incredibly important in fully comprehending the material and doing well on the detailed questions on the exams.

take this course! it's really fun and the instructors try their best to present science in an interesting light and realize that they are mostly presenting to non-science majors. Everything is clear and everyone is receptive to questions, from the lab TAs to the lecturers.

Don't take this class if you don't actually like biology to some extent. But if you're a humanities/social sciences person and like biology a little bit, TAKE THIS! It's taught by 3 awesome professors and the lab is not bad at all. I would recommend MOL 101B to anyone.

This is the perfect course to fulfill an ST requirement. Given the fact that many students will be taking this course PDF, it is great that all of the lecture powerpoints are online. Also, labs are very reasonable and more interesting than you might expect.

Great course for an introduction to the discipline. I had no science background and really enjoyed this. Do not be put off by the lab. Tests are fairly difficult, but by no means impossible. Make sure to attend all lectures.

I strongly recommend this course. It's great for students who do not want to be a science major but are interested in learning about biology. It's also a great way to fulfill a lab requirement.

For any students who wish to take this course I would recommend wanting to actually learn about this material, doing outside reading and keeping up with the material ahead of time.

Try to go to lecture as much as you can, they're always really interesting although if you don't, the lecture slides usually cover most of the relevant things you need to know.

The professors are extremely enthusiastic and dedicated to giving non science majors a good science experience. Definitely take if you want something not too difficult.

It's a fun course taught by great professors if you are into molecular biology. The 80 minute lectures are kind of tiring though. Lab reports are easy and labs are fun.

TAKE THIS COURSE If you want a good ST that's not too fluffy but not too hard, this is the course for you. The professors, TAs, and labs are all fantastic.

The lectures are a little slow and while you will learn the material you will need to find the good preceptor to go to her reviews before the exams.

Take this class. It's interesting, the material is highly applicable to daily life and the professors make an effort to keep you on your toes.

Really good/fairly easy ST Lectures are also pretty interesting, the lecturers know their audience is mostly humanities/social sciences...

I strongly recommend this class to students who are interested in biology, even if they don't consider themselves "science people."

Make sure to go to every single lecture, to go to office hours for lab, and to go to the review sessions.

take this class! A great, interesting ST with amazing professors. This is why Princeton is so incredible.

If you need a second ST or are interested in the subject, but aren't in the hard sciences, take it

A very good course for non-science people who still want to know a few things about the subject.

Great class for people who need to fulfill an ST requirement. The material is very interesting.

It's a good overview of important concepts, but somewhat like high school bio.

Take it! I learned alot of useful info, and all of the profs are excellent.

This course is an insight into science without being steeped in figures.

It's a good class for non-science majors to fulfill a lab requirement.

If you're looking for a more relaxed ST, this is the way to go.

Take it if you've never done bio before, it will explain a lot

make sure you review frequently and go to office hours.

take this as a really interesting and relevant ST

This class is OK. Maybe you want to PDF it.

It's not easy, but still very worth it.

Take it, but study the lecture slides!

Go to lecturer, don't skip it!

Take it, you won't regret it.

A good way to finish up ST

Best class at Princeton.

Great choice for a lab

good ST req class

Go to lecture.

Take it!

ENJOY!
Take it!!! One of my favorite classes that I've taken at Princeton. Low-stress, not much work. You'll learn a ton about infectious disease and have fascinating discussions. It's nice that there's no precept: class is discussion-oriented, and you do your work on your own time. Don't be intimidated by the presentation! It is not a big deal, and is a really valuable experience.

Definitely take it! Mahmoud and Shenk are great to talk to and learn from. No midterms/precepts makes it an excellent Senior Spring course. Workload is minimal and depends on you: you get what you put into the course.

This class is an excellent course that demonstrates how science and medicine relate to policy. I think this is a must take course for pre-med students and students interested in public health.

This course was definitely one of my favorite courses at Princeton and I would recommend it to anyone interested in molecular biology and/or public policy.

I would recommend this course for anyone interested in the science aspect of public health. Take advantage of opportunities to participate during lectures

I would recommend this course, but be prepared to work a lot for the final presentation and be sure to pick your group members wisely.

This was an excellent MOL departmental. Easily one of the best MOL classes I've taken during my 4 years here!

Really easy course. It isn't that interesting, but Mahmoud is a really awesome guy if you get to know him.

Great course for senior spring -- interesting material, fantastic professors, really manageable workload.

This is a fantastic class! Professor Shank and Professor Mahmoud are brilliant and wonderful lecturers!

Definitely recommend taking this class! My favorite class of the semester by far.

Ask a lot of questions during lecture so the professors get to know who you are.

Anyone interested in disease should absolutely take this class.

Complete the readings. engage in class discussions regularly.

Take it, you won't regret it

If another student was considering taking this course I would advise him or her to really spend time on learning the initial papers very well. Also I would encourage the student to not get nervous about being right or wrong all the time, since that was a big issue for me at the beginning of the course. Overall there is no question that I would recommend this course, because I think that it's essential to anyone who wants to do bacterial genetics or molecular biology in general.

I highly recommend any beginner grad student to take this course, even if one is interested in prokaryotic biology or not. There is not a better class that will test your skills not only as a student but as a critical thinker, a scientist and an investigator. This is what the essence of a university education is--not about only learning the facts but what we can do with them and how we can understand the consequences of them.

If you have any interest at all in prokaryotic molecular biology and genetics, you should take this course. Even if you don't think you have an interest, you should take this course. Prepping for lecture will feel like studying for an exam, but you will come out of class each day knowing that you've learned more than you thought possible from just 2 papers.

Be prepared for a lot of work and a lot of reading. It is definitely a difficult course, but one I loved, and I learned more in this class then I have in any other.

Please take this course! It might seem terrifying because of the way it is taught but I guarantee anyone who takes this course will be glad that they did!

Make sure you keep up with the reading, and dont fret too much on not fully understanding everything, ask Tom he will be happy to do his best to explain.

You will truly learn how to read and dissect literature in this course. It is a must for anyone interested in bacteria or molecular genetics!

A background in microbiology or prokaryotic genetics is very useful but I think this class is valuable for everyone. Definitely take it.

TAKE PROKES. It's an amazing course that's integral to the development of a Mol Bio student at Princeton, regardless of your discipline.

Read every word of every paper, and make sure you understand the rationale behind all experiments presented.

If you don't take proks, don't say that you are a molbio grad student at Princeton. :)

I would recommend the course and a strong genetics background helps significantly.

It's like a drug, once you take it you can't leave it.

You have to "take" it, not just auditing.

Overall an excellent class. It makes you think about a wide range of topics and provides a good foundation for future studies. Even if at times it was difficult, in the end a very worthwhile course, especially considering it also counts as a core.

I did not have much of math background. I was more comfortable with the papers in the class, compared to students with physics background, but I had to struggle a bit for the problem sets. Over all, I learned a lot from both parts.

The problem sets are difficult and require a good amount of work but the class is great. If reading primary literature and learning how to design quantitative biology experiments sounds fun then take it.

If you are working in and is interested in knowing about classic work, this is a great class. And definitely even if you know about these things, this class will add to your knowledge

If you are interested in quantitative biology and biophysics definitely take this awesome class. It is especially cool when Professor Botstein and Wingreen teach this class together.

If you lack linear algebra, the course is still possible but will be more challenging, make sure to visit the TA often and start the problem sets early.

A fantastic class if you're interested in quantitative biology. The professors are awesome and the discussions lively. Like a bonus semester of ISC.

TAKE IT! Best class I have taken at Princeton, by far. The professors are so amazing and the material you learn is also fantastic.

Challenging material with a rockstar team of professors, definitely worth taking if you have an interest in quantitative biology.

Only take if you have a strong math, quantitative biology background. This must include coding and linear algebra/statistics.

I would recommend this course if you a physics student who thinks you want to do biophysics, or for any MOL concentrator.

I would advise students to brush up on their differential equations and to participate as much as possible.

Take it!!! get ready for a hellish couple of problem sets though... totally worth it.

Read the paper carefully, and be brave to say your ideas loudly.

An excellent course for getting a sense of quantitive biology!

Take it!!!! But watch out for the time: 3-6pm on Fridays.

Start the homeworks early, make friends that know math.

This course is not easy, but definitely worth it.

I started the course with the feeling it would be useless for me, a Structural Engineer, and I ended it glad I took it! It is a difficult class, but the material is very interesting and allows to view materials in general from a different perspective.

If your research is related in any way to material science or nanotechnology, take this course! Professor Scherer is an amazing teacher and his lecture notes alone are worth taking the class for!

If you're in ELE and your research is relevant to materials (groups like Sturm, Wagner, Kahn, etc.), I highly recommend this course. You'll get a lot out of it.

Know the thermo, because it won't go away. Re-listen to the lectures ( I would recommend twice, once soon after class, and once before exams).

Read the notes before class so that you can keep up during lecture - Dr. Scherer blazes through the material!

Don't be afraid by the large amount of material covered. Being confortable with thermodynamics is a plus.

pay close attention in lectures the first time around, and take the time to listen to the lectures again.

Find a friend who knows mathematica if you've never used it before.

Make a good use of the discussion board.

Very difficult but worth while.

Listen to lecture recordings

be prepared to read a lot

Excellent class

Take this class

If you are interested in SEM, TEM, XRD, AFM, FIB, sample prep, or confocal microscopy or see that you will use these in your research, TAKE THIS CLASS! It is a great way to learn the science behind these techniques, which will help you get better data, and Professor Yao is great. It's a very relaxed environment where you can just learn and use the machines. I'm glad I took it.

This is a vrey unique opportunity. I cannot think of another program that allows free hands on training for this array of microspopy instruments (for a semester!). I feel like anyone who is doing or plans to partake in quantum scale experimental research should take this course.

You can learn a LOT about different forms of microscopy with a lot of hands-on experience. This course is very relevant to anyone interested in material science. It also has 3 hours/week of lab that is not mentioned in the course description.

I would recommend this class to anyone considering using any of the microscopy techniques for their research. I would not recommend this course to anyone who is moderately curious just because it is a significant time commitment.

Hands-on experience in microscopy techniques is very useful for those engaged in experimental research.

I would definitely encourage another student to take this course. It is a very practical class.

Be prepared to have a lot of laboratory time with the different microscopes and spectrometers.

If you want to become trained on the IAC microscopes, definitely worth taking this class.

Strongly recommend this course to anyone wishing to pursue research related to materials.

Very good course! Very efficient way to get trained on the instruments.

I would recommend it, particularly if you are an experimentalist.

Good alternative to minicourses on each individual instrument.

If interested in using microscopy techniques, take this class!

take it! be engaged, ask lots of questions, etc.

Pretty low workload. Great lab experience.

I would recommend the course.

Very useful and practical

Go for it.

First off, this class is not as hard as some reviews claim it to be. Maybe if you're a humanities person who thinks probability is about fractions. But the excellent teaching could bring anyone up to par anyway. Cinlar is like a Yoda of probability. his lectures are stupendous. There's nothing more I can say. And, if he's still precepting, get Patrick! he's AMAZING and second to Cinlar really makes this course. I attended the other precepts at first and went away each time incredibly frustrated and actually depressed about how to face the week's homework set. Then I started going to Patrick's (i know this sounds like a medicine commercial now but honestly...) He clearly plans ahead of time, starts by looking at the big picture, is always sure to be consistent in notation and topic as Cinlar, even goes to lectures and records himself to get better. He's super helpful in office hours, will give you 200% of the explanation you asked for (even doing problems wrong to show you the error of your ways), and if he sees that you're still unsure offers to meet with you in person more. He really teaches you how to THINK when approaching a question. Yes, the class is a time suck but honestly is so worth it.

it's a really good course; definitely take it if you're even slightly interested. the material's really useful for a lot of different fields. the course is definitely challenging though, so you'll have to be on top of your stuff from day one. do not fall behind! it'll be much more difficult to catch back up. as long as you keep up with cinlar, go to precept, and do the homework until you understand what's going on, it'll be a very nice experience. cinlar is also really good at teaching this

This is a very challenging course that is time consuming for a person who has not had exposure to probability and stochastic processes before. Be prepared to work for a long time on problem sets, especially the Big Homework at the end of the term! However, the material is very useful and applicable to a large number of different fields, so I urge you to take on this challenge even if you have to P/D/F it, as I have done myself.

This is a math class; but a math class that emphasizes thinking logically over intense calculations. That being said, the biggest reward from this class will be a new way to think of problems, which I imagine lasting far longer than the specific material covered in the course. If you don't enjoy thinking creatively about math, then this class will be very hard.

This class will be harder than everything you take. Take it for PROF. CINLAR! If you do, go to Patrick Rebeschini's office hours, precept, review session, extra office hours, personal meetings...everything. You will learn simply by watching Prof. Cinlar, Patrick and Cagin (another cool TA) do some awesome and beautiful math. Ask for help if you need it.

Great course, I highly recommend it to anyone looking to get an introduction to probability. That said, while this course requires math and is listed as 300 level math, it is not on that level of rigor. People interested in the more rigorous treatment of the material are better off taking the math department versions.

This class is really hard. Cinlar is really good, but expect to struggle through the problem sets and study hours for the tests. Also, start your "Big Homework" pre-Exam assignment early, it literally took 5 days for me, that is, from getting up in the morning until 2-3am at night.

If you were good at math contests in high school chances are you are good a probability, but if you're not so inclined for probability you will definitely struggle a lot. The only thing you could do is go to office hours a lot. Also understand Cinlar's style for his exams.

This is a great introduction to probability theory. The problems in homeworks and on exams are very computation based. When you prove things, it is through computation. Professor Cinlar is awesome, and he is very knowledgeable about random things like history, etc.

Take this course! However, be prepared to invest a lot of time in order to fully grasp the deeper concepts (and the mathematical tricks); the material is fascinating, but developing a thorough understanding of the material is not an easy task.

Good course to learn about probability and stochastic systems. I feel that my view of the world has slightly changed for the better after taking this course, as I am able to analyze things in a more probabilistic manner.

I would definitely take this course, if you're into a real challenge. Make sure to go to Cinlar's office hours; he's an amazing person and very helpful. Put in the work, it helps if you're gifted at math, and good luck!

A decent class, but tons of work. Really think about what your other classes look like before signing up for this course. It is valuable, but I feel that the amount of time you put into it is not worth the return.

Take this if you have a general interest in probability. It's useful and not very difficult. The course was definitely very interesting, and not too computationally heavy so the concepts were easy to understand.

Good class. Take it. If you're not good at math, it's hard, but it's still worth it. I got a lot better at math towards the end, but I would have liked more time for learning and improving more.

Take the exams seriously and do the readings, even if they seem redundant. Don't be intimidated by this course's reputation; if you take it seriously and don't slack off, it's not terrible at all.

Start the problem sets early. Work with people. Go to office hours. Do practice problems. Even Cinlar will tell you that this stuff takes work, so be prepared to put in a good amount of work.

Take this course if you have to and Cinlar is teaching it. If you don't have to take it, still maybe consider it if you are interested in the subject matter since Cinlar is a great professor.

Don't schedule anything for right after this class because lectures tend to run over time. Sit toward the front if you want to see the board and hear the professor.

Make sure that you understand how to do the problems fully. If you don't understand each step, you probably won't do very well on the tests. I speak from experience.

Great course, you learn a lot, but you need to set aside serious, serious time to do well. If you're aware of that, take it. But don't take this course lightly.

Take this class if you are interested in the subject. It is a lot to study, but it is rewarding at the same time. It is one of the best classes I took so far.

Very beautiful math, interesting applications, and challenging problems. If you're at all interested, definitely take this class - you won't regret it.

Take this course. It will teach you to have an intuition for probability, which is so much more valuable than just having to plug and chug integrals.

Fun, interesting course. Not nearly as terrible as some people would have you think. Also not exactly "life-changing" but definitely worth taking.

This course was a lot of work and from my perspective, not much of it will be useful in my research, therefore I wouldn't recommand it.

This is a fantastic course: brilliant and immensely provocative! It's tough, but it's definitely worth the time and the effort!

This class isn't for everybody, but the effort you put into it is well worth it (if you're interested in the subject matter).

Do take this class, but take it seriously even though you are a Math major. If you practice enough, you will do wonderfully.

A challenge, but if you like probability and are up for the work, it is a great course. Cinlar's lectures are fantastic.

I strongly recommend the class if you are interested in the subject. The professor is great and the TA's are awesome.

I would take this course if you might be interested in the subject. Just be warned that it is very time-consuming.

Cinlar makes the topic very interesting. Be prepared to put a fair amount of work into the class though.

Great course. Definitely go to all the precepts since its often key to doing the problem sets.

Take. Cinlar is really cool and says funny things. Learn to understand problems conceptually.

Attend office hours regularly. Otherwise, the class can be almost prohibitively difficult.

If you like probability go for it. If you like more concrete math, I wouldn't suggest it.

Take the course! You have to work though, its definitely not easy, especially if you slack

I would advise students to take this course but be willing to put a lot of time into it.

It's all math but take it if you are interested because you will be engaged throughout.

Take it. It teaches you important concepts that will prove to be useful in the future.

It is great! The material is really interesting, and Cinlar is the best lecturer.

Take it. Might take a while to understand the materials but it's worth it.

Take the time to read over and understand the material. It is worth it.

Office hours are super helpful! This a difficult but rewarding class!

Fun course, requires some "mental gymnastics" and good intuition.

Take it if you can handle the work. It's definitely worth it.

Take this course if you like math and understand calculus.

take it if your research is about quantitative modeling

Spend the time to learn the material in the beginning.

Take this course. I'm WWS and I throughly enjoyed it.

Find a study group at the beginning of the semester.

Be prepared for a lot of work, and hard material.

Take it seriously. You'll get a lot out of it.

Don't start your problem sets too late.

Awesome course. Prof Cinlar is great.

i found the material very difficult

difficult class, but worth taking

Take it! It is totally worth it.

Take it and challenge yourself,

start the big homework early

Take it. Take the course.

Difficult yet rewarding.

Take this class

Go to precept.

Only take if you know you can handle the math! The course is significantly harder than ORF 335. It would probably be useful to have taken a class on stochastic calculus beforehand. Prof. Coulon is a great lecturer, though, and a really nice guy too.

The professor is GREAT. He really spur the interest of his students. It a very good course if you want to learn more about fixed income and commodity derivatives. Besides, the lecture notes are excellent.

ORF 335 provides good background, much of the math is covered between SDEs and taking expectations. Good course to take, leave plenty of time to do the problem sets, especially MATLAB problems.

Excellent course, excellent lecturer (although lecturer might change). Very quantitative so familiarity with basic financial modelling and stochastic calculus is important.

take the course if you are interested in financial math and its application in different asset classes

A bit redundant with fin 521. Fin 521 is better at fixed income but does not have commodities.

technical course, great to develop a foundation in fixed income and commodities

Strongly recommend if you want to learn more about modelling in commodities
After Prof. Cinlar teaches you the subject, you will definitely see the atoms of random measures inside your dormitory room. Excellent choice!

Expect to work a lot on the homeworks; however, no final exam is gven (only 8 problem sets, which will constitute the final grade).

I strongly recommend the course if you have general interest in stochastic process.

One of the best courses so far.
