Take it. It's a great course for anyone looking to learn anything about literature, American culture, or the study of English in general. Take it to experience Gleason's lectures.




Take it! American Bestsellers was one of my favorite classes that I have taken at Princeton. And don't skip lecture...Gleason's lectures are the best part of the course.



If you're at all interested in English, take a class with Professor Gleason. This course gives an interesting history of the development of the popular novel.



Definitely worth taking it to hear Gleason lecture, to read some classic novels of American literature, or to not do too much work if you do not want to.



Go to all of the lectures and participate in lecture. Don't worry if you can't do all of the reading. It's impossible and most people can't do it.



Take this course!, even if you are an English major and you feel like you 'should' be reading 'literature' rather than best sellers or genre work.



Take this class. Gleason is one of the best (if not the best) lecturers at Princeton, and it's not as if reading the books is a drag either.



Make sure to stay ahead with the readings, especially with the more tedious selections (*cough* Last of the Mohicans *cough*)



Take this course - you will have a great time, and actually learn some cool stuff about American bestsellers through history.



If you're a senior and you don't have a thesis to do and life to worry about, do all the reading when you're supposed to.



The perfect English class for non-English majors, but take in a semester with no other reading-intensive classes.



This class is worth taking. This material deserves our attention and there is no one better to teach it!



Every Princeton student needs to take at least one course with Prof. Gleason during their time here.



take it, even if you're not an ENG major, as this is a very interesting and widely appealing course



TAKE THIS CLASS! Also do all the readings, they are great books that you don't want to miss!



TAKE THIS COURSE! Or any course by Gleason. This one was particularly awesome, though.



Definitely take it! Professor Gleason is amazing and the books are really fun reads.



I would definitely advise students to take this class. And read all the books!



Gleason's phenomenal. Be warned -- these books actually aren't that good.



too much reading assigned and the books are bad too



Definitely take this course, you won't regret it.



Take it. Or Kiddie Lit. Anything with Gleason!!!



This is a fun course. I think you'll like it.



The readings just aren't that interesting.



Anything with Gleason is perfect.



This is a great course. Take it.



Fairly engaging course. Take it.



A good class for senior spring.



Highly recommended! Fun class!



This is a great English class.



Try to read all of the books.



Definitely worth taking.



take it if you have time



TAKE THIS COURSE!



recommend it!



TAKE IT

















I would suggest the course for people who would like an introduction to art history as a possible major (especially if they would like to learn about paintings that have become popularized)



If you love the material, you will still like this class despite its uninspiring delivery of information and the fact that it assigns overly pedantic/time consuming readings.



Attend lectures because they're great, do you readings because you need to do well on the exam, start your papers ahead of time so that you don't have to kill yourself.



Very good course! A bit heavy as a intro-level art class, however. Highly recommended for any one interested in Art & Archeology as a concentration.



I would recommend this class to anyone. I think it is a great opportunity to learn about a fascinating and very popular period of art history.



If you like art history and know about art, definitely take it. But i think the grading is too hard for a non art history student.



Absolutely take it! The work and reading is of moderate quantity and always relevant. Engaging professor, great material.



Excellent material, great lectures and professor...Just make sure you do not get Erica DiBenedetto as a preceptor.



take notes in precept because you will want to have specific notes from the reading to refer to on the exam.



Don't take it unless you're willing to spend considerable time on the assignments. And go to lecture.



Go to the lectures. Read instead of skimming the readings because they will help with the final exam.



Interesting material and good lectures but a little too much work to justify taking it just for fun.



I LOVE PROFESSOR ALSDORF!! She makes every class feel like storytime. Do the readings for precept



Take this class if you're interested in the subject. Don't think it's an easy art class though.



Take this course only if you are an art major and be weary of the preceptors.



Do it if you are remotely interested in the art of the period.



amazing class. you learn a lot and the professor is fantastic



Great course for anyone interested in history!



YES, get Alsdorf as your preceptor



It's not just looking at slides.



Pay attention during lecture.



what a great course



Come to lecture!



do the readings!



Take it!



pdf













I think mythology is something every educated person should know. This course teaches you the basics. You should read and understand the material before the lectures/precepts to get the most out of them.













I would strongly recommend this course to anyone with interest in mythology. However, some people with little background in ancient literature seemed a bit lost in precepts.



Great class! Read ALL of the plays; the secondary source readings are more optional but they will really deepen to your precept discussion if you have time to get to them!



Take this course even if you have no previous knowledge. It provides a wonderful background to common-known myths that you think you already know.



This class was awesome. The amount of reading was cumbersome, but the material was very interesting, lectures and precepts were great. Take it!



Don't let it go on the backburner, or else all those missed readings and lack of effort in the class will come back to bite you



If you're hesitating about whether or not to take this class, take it. This was the best surprise I had in my academic year.



It's an interesting course, but make sure that you are familiar with the IDs on Blackboard to do well.



Take it with an open mind, not just to fulfill a distribution requirement. Do all the readings.



Take this course. It's an easy LA for engineers and it's actually incredibly interesting.



Be prepared for a decent amount of reading, but the workload is not very high otherwise.



Take this if you want to learn the wonders of Heracles and cool things like that!



When reading the materials, always try to identify the themes and significance.



The course was overall pretty good but more work than I was expecting.



I would recommend this course to anyone interested at all in Classics



I would take it- the topic is interesting, and it is taught well.



Interesting class to take as an introduction to classics.



It is well worth it if you enjoy mythology.



Go to lecture - it's fun and informative.



Take only if you have a strong interest.



GO TO LECTURE. Completely worth it.



Great course. Well worth taking!



Great class. Loved it. Take it.



If it's with Feeney take it.



Keep up with the readings.



Take this course!













I would recommend taking this course if you are interested in the topic, even if you know nothing about it. I had no prior knowledge of the topic and found it enlightening.



The workload wasn't bad, the material was interesting, and the exams were really fair. If you went to lectures, did the readings, and studied, you did well.



If you don't have prior experience with classics/are not sure if you'll be interested in reading classical texts, then this class might not be for you.



It's an interesting class, but the exams are a bit difficult to study for. It's a lot of information to know, and know well. Keep up on the readings.



Excellent course. I really recommend it. Professor Feldherr is one of my favorite professors. Just make sure you keep up with the reading.



Professor Feldherr is amazing. Take this course. There is a good bit of reading, but do not let that intimidate you; the work is worth it!



Prof. Feldherr is a great lecturer. You don't have to be a classics nerd to be interested in the material. Good way to fulfill an EM.



Definitely take this course if you have any interest at all. It is a great course and a great way to fulfill the EM requirement.



Good EM distribution option. My one complaint was that it was too crowded (probably because everyone knew that it was fun)



Take it! Feldherr is a very good lecturer, and the breadth of material you are exposed to is incredible and enlightening.



Good classics class to PDF. Go to lecture, they are essential to your grade and meet with your preceptor about papers



Take this class! There is a decent amount of reading, but it is interesting and Professor Feldherr is very good.



This class is a lot of reading at times but it is all very interesting and doesn't feel too much for one course.



Make sure you do the precept readings and primary readings, these are the most important readings for the exams.



Had very little prior knowledge about Rome. Feldherr is a great lecturer and the main texts are great reads.



Take this course if you have an interest in learning about Rome from a different perspective.



this is awesome to take for general interest, not just to get a requirement out of the way.



I would highly recommend this course and try to get Aaron Kachuck if you can for precept.



This class isn't what one may expect. Much harder than I imagined for a EM requirement.



Take it! Way more fun than an ethics class and you still get the EM distribution!



Great class to get rid of the EM requirement. Feldherr is an awesome lecturer.



Take it! Professor Feldherr is awesome and the class is really interesting



If you are interested in Rome at all, this is a great class.



Don't take this unless you are really interested in Rome.



one of my favorite classes at princeton - take it!



Take it! A great PDF and a very interesting EM!



Awesome course, Professor Feldherr is great!



Take it if you're interested in Classics!



I would strongly recommend this course.



Take it. Lectures are interesting.



Interesting EM course



Just do the readings



Interesting class



Great course.



Take it!



easy







































To do the reading and broaden your ways of studying. I found some interesting YouTube videos that put an amusing spin on the Roman Republic which helped me study for my mid-term.



Good class, very knowledgeable professor and interesting material. Do your readings regularly and try to make connections between the readings from one week to the next.



Don't take it unless you are internally motivated to learn about this on your own. If you're looking for great lectures to teach you about Rome, forget about it.



Attend the lectures, because Professor Flower really gives you the need-to-know stuff out of Potter, because that reading was just dense and pretty tedious.



Anyone who is looking to learn more about the Roman Republic should take this course. For those who are interested in history, it is well worth the time.



TAKE IT! Even if you aren't that interested in ancient history, it is very worthwhile and very easy to do well if you pay attention and are involved.



Take this course! It's really awesome. Do the readings, engage, and you'll get a good grade. Awesome material that's surprisingly quite relevant.



If you take this, focus your energies on the moral outlooks of the classical authors. That is much more valuable than the textbook.



I would tell students to take this course and to do the readings, as they were very important to understanding the lecture.



Read on time, and enjoy the lectures but don't stress about extreme note taking because the lectures are based on readings.



Would've liked to see more general themes emphasized. I felt the course was very specific without enough overview.



It's a good class if you are interested in the material already. If not, probably not the best choice.



If not for love of the Roman Republic, take this course because Professor Flower is just so great!



Overall a solid course! I would definitely recommend it to those interested in Roman history.



Good course, not bad for an HA if you need to get the requirement in; alot of reading though



Stay on top of the readings and meet with your preceptor about your paper.



I would tell them just to make sure they always do the precept reading.



Break up the textbook reading or it will get really dry really fast!



Flower is a pretty good professor. It's not a very difficult class.



I would advise taking it. Interesting material and good professor.



Take this course if you are at all interested in the time period.



If you have any interest in Roman Republican history, take it.



Do the readings on time. Try to stay concentrated in lectures.



If you're interested in the subject, than it's worth taking.



The course is great, but not sure if classics is my calling.



I would reccommend the course. It was very interesting.



Would take for a relatively relaxing class.



Nothing wrong with it, if you need an HA.



Keeping up with the reading is essential



I would strongly recommend this course



Take this freshman or sophomore year.



Interesting class but not easy.



good PDF, interesting material.



Classics courses are the best!



Keep up with the reading!



Take this class!



Carpe canem!



Fun course.

















I would definitely take this class. It's on a serious subject, but an important one, and Professor Zeitlin does an excellent job at teaching the course.



A great experience, very moving, and strongly recommended for anyone with an interest in children, eyewitness accounts, WWII, or the Holocaust.



The student should know that the course is a lot of reading, and should be prepared to invest a good amount of effort into the course.



I would absolutely recommend this course!! There is a lot of reading, but well worth the time.



It's a lot of work, but take it if you have an interest in the material.



It's a great course with a one of a kind professor, what's not to like?



Take it if the size is not too large.















Try to go to the acting sessions, if they're available. And certainly go to office hours both before and after to discuss your papers!



Taking the blackboard posts seriously is a really good way to get ideas for papers--that's where both of my papers came from.



If you have any interest in Shakespeare and Professor Leo is teaching it, take it! Take anything with Professor Leo!



This class was great! There was a lot of reading, so take it if you enjoy Shakespeare, but it is fantastic.



Read all of the works, and attend all of the lectures. You don't want to miss anything.



Attend the lectures -- they're amazing, and will be really helpful on the final!



I would strongly recommend this course if you have an interest in Shakespeare.



If you like studying literature, gotta take it.



If you're interested in Shakespeare, take it!



It's worth it if you love Shakespeare.



Take this course! It is so amazing.



Take it with Dolven, not Leo.



Do it.













I would definitely recommend taking this course to anyone with an interest in Nietzsche, or philosophy in general. Professor Nehamas is an excellent scholar of Nietzsche, and his lectures were always engaging.





Would recommend only if interested in this area of philosophy or have an inclination to challenge yourself. Material is dense and not easy to get through, although varying room of interpretation is accepted.







This course is more a literature course than a philosophy course and Nehamas's lectures are quite boring. However if you take it, take it with Tim! Great preceptor...



If you want to learn about Nietzsche, this is clearly the way to go. It's a fine philosophy class, with a good intersection between ethics and metaphysics.



If you're looking for a great philosophy course on an important philosopher, this is a good course to take.



The course is excellent. Writing about Nietzsche is hard but reading him is very rewarding.



Take it if you have an interest in philosophy and philosophical styles of inquiry.



Take it. Read as much as you can. Try to get Professor Nehamas as your preceptor.



If you're thinking about it, you should probably just do it. It's a great class!



TAKE THIS CLASS. Nietzsche's philosophy is interesting, and Nehamas is the best.



Excellent class on Nietzsche. Analytic philosophy buffs--take, but beware.



MUST-TAKE for philosophy majors. Hearing Nehamas lecture is a privilege.



Take this course. It's been a life changing experience.



Make sure to keep up with the readings.



Definitely take this course!!!



definitely take this course



take this whoever you are



Start the essays early



You wont' regret it.



Take it!



Take it.













If you have the time available to dedicate to War and Peace and you have even the slightest interest in Tolstoy or Russian literature, take it.



It's a lot of reading, so you have to want to read a lot. If you want to read Tolstoy, this course will definitely help you understand it.



Awesome. The workload is fair, not strenuous, and you will find that you genuinely enjoy the readings and class discussions.



If you're even remotely interested in Tolstoy, or Russian literature, or literature in general, TAKE THIS COURSE.



Definitely a must take for anyone interested in Russian literature or even literature in general.



Take it i you're willing to engage with the texts seriously, it's not worth doing halfheartedly



Absolutely take if it is offered. You have to commit time to it, but it will be so rewarding.



EXCELLENT. A superb class for anyone, in any department, with any background.



Definitely take it! I would take it twice if they'd let me!



Possibly the best class I have ever taken in my life



One of the best classes I've taken at Princeton!



TAKE IT TAKE IT TAKE IT.



Take it.



TAKE IT





A good place to do theory without getting lost due to a lack of connection to literary writers and writings. Plus a wonderful seminar leader and teacher in Diane Fuss.





This isn't for the faint of heart (there is quite a bit of theoretical and dense reading), but the payoffs are huge. I strongly recommend this class!



Take it. Both David Russell and Diana Fuss are amazing and this course is one of the best and most rewarding courses that I have ever had.



Take all the help that Professor Fuss and David Russell have to offer. This class is fantastic and will change the way you think.



Definitely take this course. Don't be deterred by theory and criticism. I enjoyed this class more than most in the department.



Professor Fuss is amazing. This was one of my favorite classes at Princeton. I HIGHLY recommend it.



It's highly theoretical but a really exciting topic; a close-knit, challenging and fun class.



Keep an eye out for it -- I suspect it's not likely to be offered frequently.



Definitely take this course. It's unbelievably good.



This course will change the way you think!



Take a class with Professor Fuss!



Everyone should take it!







































I really recommend taking the course for anyone with even a slight interest in film. Professor Fuss was amazing in lectures, and especially if she is teaching the course, I strongly recommend.



This is a great last course for people who are interested in film. The lectures were not the best but the precepts were terrific and the assignments were interesting and manageable.







Make sure to meet with your preceptor before the essays, as they provided ample instruction and guidance for the assignments, and they are very willing to meet with you.



Definitely take this course!! Go to all the lectures because they are all so interesting and make you think in a different way about movies that you may already love!





It was a really fun, interesting class that changed the way I'll watch movies from now on. The assignments were very reasonable, and the lectures were great.



If you are able to take this class, you definitely should. There is not a lot of work and it is pretty interesting material especially if you like movies.



I think this is a very fun and relatively easy class. Would definitely recommend for those who don't like reading or struggle in reading heavy courses.



TAKE THIS CLASS! It was one of the most interesting classes I've taken at Princeton, and Professor Fuss is a FABULOUS lecturer. Seriously. Take it.



Go to lectures and watch the movies! Also, do the extra weekly assignments if your preceptor offers them. They aren't graded, but it's helpful.



It is non PDF able so make sure you are interested in movies and putting in effort on the papers. Either than that, it is an interesting class.



Without a doubt take it. It is a nice breather from harder classes, and aside from the papers, the homework doesn't even feel like homework.



I would recommend this course to anyone. It is a good amount of work. It isn't just watching movies, there is work, but it is interesting.



take it. If you're someone who does not enjoy english classes, there really isn't a better way to get your LA requirement out of the way.



If you haven't seen the movies and want to force yourself to, do it, but don't expect a fascinating investigation into American cinema.



Take it. All of the movies are influential to American cinema today. Plus, Professor Fuss offers hilarious analyses about the films.



It's great. The movies are long, especially during the second half of the course, but it's fascinating to learn about all of this.



Absolutely take it, and don't drop it if you're not excited by the first few films. My favorite class at Princeton so far.



It is an interesting class. Watching movies for homework is nice, but because you can't PDF it, it isn't quite as nice.



If you are interested in cinema- take it. It is very interesting. Be prepared for a wide range of movie types however



If you enjoy movies, take this course. It really gives students an opportunity develop a different style of analysis.



Take this class. Professor Fuss is awesome and the films that we watch are also great. I highly recommend this class



Take it!!! It's unlike anything else offered at Princeton, and will make you think about movies in a whole new way.



Take this class, its fun, despite three intra semester papers, and take it with friends to watch the movies with



Take it. Its interesting if you like movies and I found the grading fair and there were only a few assignments.



incredibly interesting course. opens your eyes to things which you would never notice in some classic movies.



Definitely take this course if you like watching movies and are interested in discussing films with others.



Lectures weren't fantastic, but watching movies and discussing them in detail for credit is pretty awesome.



Watch the movies before lecture (you will get so much more out of it) and enjoy thinking about the films!



Absolutely take this course. But choose a better movie at the end of the semester. Good Will Hunting!!



Great to learn more about cinematic techniques that will help you appreciate some really great movies.



At the very least, you will have seen some of the best films ever made by the end of the course.



I would take this class over again. It was fun and you can watch the movies with your friends!



Fun, not too difficult class. You watch movies and don't write that much. What's not to like?



Watch the films, even if they are long because the lectures will really give you new insight.



Take this class--good movies, interesting lectures, and pretty straight forward assignments.



Take it! It's not a ridiculous amount of work, and yet the material is incredibly engaging.



The movies and lectures are great, I strongly recommend it if you have an interest in film.



Take it! Make sure you watch the films even if you have already seen them 3 years ago etc.



If you are at all interested in movies, take it. Go to lectures and watch all the movies!



An enjoyable and interesting course. It was rather large, but the precepts were great.



If you take it, make sure you have a good preceptor, I have heard some horror stories.



take it, highly entertaining, really learn a lot about movies and american cinema



Keep up to date with the movies and talk to the preceptors about every paper



A fairly fun, light course that lets you watch a lot of really good films!



Take it take it take it. It's really interesting and It's not that hard.



Take it! A great LA for non-majors, and a fun, easier course for majors.



Take this course the movies are great and the lectures are interesting.



TAKE. THIS. COURSE. It's fantastic. One of my favorite classes by far!



Take this class if you enjoy watching movies and learning about them.



Go to office hours if you're having trouble choosing a paper topic.



I would recommend watching each movie before its allotted lecture.



If you would like to better understand movies, you should take it.



Watch the movies, or else you will get nothing out of this class.



There is not that much work and the movies are very interesting.



Watch classic movies and write a few papers. formula for success



Take this course! Just remember that it isn't a blow off class!



A little interesting, somewhat strange analysis occurs though.



Go for it, but don't expect it to be as awesome as it sounds.



One of the best classes at Princeton--definitely take it!!!



Take it! Super interesting, and unlike any other class here



Take the course. Great way to learn about American Cinema.



THIS COURSE IS AMAZING. TAKE IT. EVERYONE SHOULD TAKE IT.



Take it! Watch the movies - don't need to read the book.



Make sure you like the majority of films on the list.



Take this! You'll never look at movies the same way.



Make sure you watch the movies ahead of the lecture



One of the best courses I have taken at Princeton.



Take it. Its relatively easy and actually fun too.



If you have any interest in film, take the class.



Watch all the movies and go to all the lectures!



I would recommend this course in a heartbeat.



Great course, that was a lot of fun to take.



Fun, annoying that it doesn't allow p/d/f.



If you watch the movies, you will be fine.



Take this course. It is very interesting.



Take it! Especially with Professor Fuss!



take it. the movies are all great films.



Take it, no PDF, but yes it's worth it.



Take notes on the films while watching.



Take it and watch movies for homework!



I would highly recommend this course.



Take the course. You won't regret it.



I highly suggest taking this course.



Great course. Highly recommend.



Not too hard, super interseting



The class is graded very hard!



take it, its awesome and easy



Definitely take this course.



Definitely take this class!



Take it if you love movies.



Take it. It's a lot of fun.



Take it, it's pretty good.



Don't get your hopes up



Take it, great class.



Cool class. Take it.



go to every lecture



Take this course!



Take this course.



Take this class.



great class



take this!



TAKE IT!!



Take it!



TAKE IT.



Take it



do it



Good.



Yes



































Be prepared for fantastically intriguing and humorous lectures coupled with a heavy reading load that will be nearly impossible to keep up with. The lectures are worth it though.





Do not be intimidated by the amount of reading. Like Professor Nunokawa says, you will take whatever you can get from this course. Believe me, it is so worth it.



definitely take it. i read all the books over the summer, so i didn't have to do any of the work during, it was awesome and made the papers much easier.



Lectures are kind of crazy and kind of confusing at times. But reading list is great. Try to get Ariana for precept if she is teaching again!



Keep up with the readings and start the papers early because Jeff gives really great feedback, but you need to ask him ahead of time.



Stay on top of the reading! If you take it in the fall you can do 2 or 3 books over the summer which will give you a great advantage.



Read the books! I always ended up liking the novels in the end, even if they started slow. You'll get so much more out of lectures.



It's not a very difficult course but if you're looking to learn something from an LA course then this course will do that for you.



The reading load can definitely be heavy, especially towards the end, but it is so worth taking the course and doing the readings.



Prof. Nunokawa's lectures are awesome. The workload is also light (reading novels, a few Blackboard posts, and two essays).



This class is awesome. It's worth it for Jeff alone. Do the reading though if you want to get anything out of the class.



Make sure to start on the material as early as possible because the books are fascinating but they're also quite long.



Be sure to attend the precepts as the lectures are not the most informative concerning how to write the papers.



I've already been telling everyone to take it like people told me to take it. Because everyone should take it.



You should consider reading the novels before the start of the semester (if you have not read them before).



Be ready to read a lot. You won't gain as much out of precepts and lectures if you haven't read them.



I would not recommend this course to any student except those interested in concentrating in English.



i would say dont take it cuz jeff is crazy, but theres almost no work so take it i guess



Make sure you read a few books over the summer and the semester will be more manageable.



The readings are great, I was a little disappointed in the quality of the lectures



Definitely take it if you can handle reading at least half of the novels.



If you like 19th century fiction, there is no better professor than Jeff.



Read the books before the semester starts, then reread as you go along.



Professor Nunokawa is great and you should take the course.



Take it, but understand that there is a lot of reading.



This class is fantastic. Take it--you won't regret it.



Read, read, read!! Keep up to date on the readings.



TAKE THIS CLASS BECAUSE JEFF IS AN AMAZING PERSON.



Make sure you like the books on the reading list.



work hard on your papers! they are very important



take if you are interested in the reading list



Take it, but beware the lengths of the novels



be prepared to do a lot of close readings!



TAKE IT! READ EVERYTHING! GO TO LECTURES!



Take it. Just do it.



Read the books!



Take it



Read.



































Take this course only if you genuinely enjoy reading books and analyzing them. Unless the style of teaching changes, you can probably find a more engaging course that signifies a Princeton education.











TAKE THIS CLASS!!!!!!!! Professor Gleason is incredible. The material is extremely fun and your Princeton experience wouldn't be the same without taking this course!



I would definitely recommend this class to other people. I would encourage them to do the readings, because it makes the class alot more interesting and special.



I would strongly recommend this course to other students. The workload was bearable and the readings were fun. The lectures were also highly enjoyable.



Run, do not walk, to Kiddie Lit. An absolute gem of a class. Enjoy it, read the readings if you can, ignore the secondary readings. Have fun!



Easy workload, fabulous lectures, your favorite childhood reads. Best class ever... plus tons of people PDF so it isn't too hard to do well.



Take this class as a PDF, it'll be fairly light on the workload and will give you a nice, refreshing break from your other boring classes.



Do as much of the reading as possible. Also, you don't need to print out all of the many page things--read them online and save paper.



Take it if you like, man. Just please don't dilute the English-Department nature of the course any further than it has already gone.



Engaging lectures. The subject matter isn't always as fun as it seems, though, since some of the secondary texts are rather dense.



If ever it is offered again, definitely take it!! Don't hesitate, just do it. And go to lectures because Gleason is amazing.



Great class, especially if you want to read books you read as a kid and actually think about their implications. Recommend!



If I had to choose three classes of all the classes that Princeton has to offer to recommend, this would be one of them.



The class is more serious than you would expect from the title, but the readings are so much fun week to week.



A great course - lectures are really interesting, and if you p/d/f, there's not much work to be done at all.



Take it for an interesting LA. Don't assume it'll be too easy though, it's definitely not an easy-A



Take it pass/fail! Great readings, fun lectures, but tough grading if you aren't an English major.



TAKE IT. But be prepared to do a considerable amount of reading. Don't treat this as an easy A!



it might be a little bit more work than you bargained for if you're looking for an easy class.



Make sure to get in this class, don't skip the reading, mostly because its so fun, and enjoy!



Take it, get your friends to take it. And don't PDF it. It's an easy class to begin with.



A general interest in childhood literature is enough for you to be engaged in this course.



Definitely take it. It is so much fun to reread children's books in an academic setting.



Great course to fulfill LA requirement or just out of interest. Stay on top of readings.



Take it! Gleason is an amazing lecturer, and the reading list is obviously fantastic.



This class is different and fun. A great way to change up the usual mundane schedule



Take it -- it's awesome!! Papers are short & exam was very fair / not too stressful.



Take it if you want to read and take a closer look at some books from your childhood



Fun lectures, pleasure reading. Great especially for non-English concentrators.



Absolutely take it. A fun, interesting, engaging class - you won't regret it.



Take this class. I almost decided to major in English because of this class.



It's about as fun as you would expect it to be. So, it's a really fun class.



Definitely take this course if you want to read Harry Potter as "homework"



Great - a lot of fun. Definitely my most enjoyable class this semester.



Definitely take it. And do the reading - that's what makes it great.



Definitely take the course, but don't expect it to be easy at all.



It's a great PDF. It's a fun class but good grades are not easy.



definitely take it! professor and laurel were great combination!



Thoroughly enjoyable class with very thought-provoking insights.



A good course to take but not necessarily as easy as I thought.



Great return to childhood for seniors heading toward graduation



I would tell other students to take the class and just enjoy it



Take the class but PDF it because of the terrible paper topics.



I would recommend this to both english and non-english majors.



TAKE IT. material's interesting and it's a great PDF to take.



You will get as much out of this course as you put into it.



More reading than I thought, but overall a good course.



absolutely do it. just make sure you read EVERYTHING.



Take the course! Do the readings and you'll be fine.



Take it! Everyone else does... Not worth PDF'ing.



Even if you're PDFing, GO TO CLASS! It's worth it.



Do the readings, go to lecture; it's all fun.



Great, entertaining, and fun class to take.



Read the texts and attend all the lectures.



Yes, I would tell others to take the class.



do the readings and go to all the lectures



Don't take it. It is a pretentious course.



Take it, do the readings, go to lectures!!



Definitely take it, and do the readings!



Gleason is an awesome lecturer. Take it!



Try to get a precept with Prof. Gleason



Go to lecture, its really interesting!



take it. even if you PDF it, take it.



Go to lecture - they're interesting.



it's a wonderful, fun class to take.



You would probably take it, why not!



don't have jules as a preceptor.



Take it, it's for your own good.



Take it, it's such a fun course!



Strongly recommend this course.



Read what you want to read.



Definitely take this class



Fun and interesting course



get jules as a preceptor



Take it. Why not right?



this class is awesome!



A nice class to PDF.



Definitely take it!



Definitely take it.



definitely take it



Take this course!!



Take the class!!!



Take this course!



Take this course.



Take this class



Go to lecture.



Enjoyed it!



solid LA



Take it!



Take it.



take it



Do it.



Take



eh.



n/a





Take it! It can be intimidating because there are English majors taking this course but it's great and so interesting. Definitely a better response to American Literature as a whole.



The reading list is one you won't want to miss. This class really lays out modernism and post-modernism in a way I'd never understood it before. Excellent.



Solid survey of Modern American Literature. Worth taking if you want to read some of the most influential literary works of the past century



Awesome course! Definitely take it. Professor Mitchell is a stud and if you are interested in English, this class is a must.



It's a fun class to PDF! The books are almost all really great--both fun to read and interesting to analyze.



Readings were interesting and easy to get through for the most part. Grading was kind of hard.



Take it whether or not you like literature or know the books being discussed.



The books are great and the lectures are fascinating!



I would advise students to participate in precept.



I would recommend people to take this course.



This course is a must! Take it!!



Take it it's wonderful



Definitely take it.



Read all the books!



Read everything.



Go for it!



Take it!



Take it.

































































Definitely take this course if you can. It doesn't matter what your major is, if you like kids it would be fascinating and give you the ability to think critically about literature.



I would tell them to definitely take it before they graduate because it is unique and makes you happy. Professor Gleason is brilliant and funny and connects well with the students.



You have absolutely no reason not to take this course. Whether you are a die-hard engineer or Hamlet loving English major, you will have fun and learn a lot from this course.



This is the best class I've taken at Princeton and Gleason is an amazing professor. There's not too much work, and all of the reading is incredibly enjoyable.



this a good course-very interesting and the reading is fun. prof. gleason is great. even if you pdf, you still have to write 2 papers and take the final.



The blackboard posts are no joke. They don't actually require that much thought, but they do require time, so start them early. Same goes for the papers.





This was the most enjoyable course I took at Princeton by far. I would recommend taking it for pleasure and to learn a lot about children's literature.



An interesting analysis of what constitutes children's literature as well as of the deeper qualities and interpretations of this type of literature.



This is a wonderful course. You will never want to miss lecture, you get to revisit books you loved as a child and frame them in new ways. Take it!



I strongly recommend this course if you want to fulfill your LA-distribution requirement and want to take a fun course. You won't regret it!



Take this course!! You'll never experience anything else quite like it. And let's face it, who doesn't want to read Harry Potter for class?



Take this course. just do it. The readings are great and the professor is one of the most interesting I have ever listened to at Princeton.



I would recommend it, however the size is really a deterrent. Is it really worth sitting through at 450 person lecture? I'm not sure...



This is the best class to PDF, because you get to learn all about a cool subject, but it's fine if you don't do well on the final exam.



Great class to PDF, you get to read harry potter and the hunger games and it's almost no work if you don't care about getting an A.



This is a really fun course, and Gleason is a great lecturer. I would recommend it to anyone who needs an LA or a fun extra class.



class is really fun and laid back but not as much of a joke as it sounds although obviously not compared to other english classes



It is the coolest class around- I just should have tried harder, and engaged more and then i would have gotten even more out of it



I would strongly recommend this class. It was fun to take and it opened my eyes to a new way of looking at children's literature.



This is a great course! You will actually love the lectures and readings. If you don't attend lecture, you are missing out.



TAKE IT! Super fun, best lecturer ever, not difficult and a great class for senior spring. (It doesn't start till 12:30!!)



Pretty good course. Lectures were fun but not always incredibly substantive. But I guess that's what made them engaging?



TAKE IT IF YOU WANT TO GRADUATE HAPPY. I was actually depressed handing in my finals, knowing that meant it was the end.



This class is great. It is everything you would expect a children's literature class to be. Perfect for senior spring!



Just don't take Daniel Walker's precept. Switch out like multiple of my other friends did... it will serve you well.



Wonderful!!! Professor Gleason is fantastic, lecture is super interesting, readings are fun, light work load...



It's a wonderful syllabus and group of readings. One of the greatest classes I've had so far at Princeton.



Awesome course. Gleason is amazing and you can't go wrong with these books. Good as a PDF class too.



It's awesome! Take the class! It's not too much work, and you learn more than you might expect.



The universal appeal of the subject matter of this course would make it worthwhile for anyone.



I would tell others to go to lecture because Professor Gleason really makes them interesting.



Gleason is an awesome lecturer. Not much work needed but is pretty interesting on the whole.



This course is an excellent way to get an LA. Take it regardless of your academic interests.



I would recommend this class to anyone! All students should take this before they graduate.



Take it! Don't PDF it if you can; you'll get a ton out of the course without too much work.



very interesting, a bit more time invested than you would think, but definitely worthwhile.



You must take this course before you graduate. Great readings and a great class overall.



Take it! The Princeton experience isn't complete without it. Just get a good preceptor.



Take this course if you can - you won't regret it. There's something here for everyone!



Take this course! And take it seriously, it's great material and not just a joke class.



This class is great fun. If you actually pay attention, you might learn something, too!



Really interesting course material. Well taught. Really easy PDF. What's not to love?



Most of the stories are enjoyable - if you don't mind writing a few papers, take it!



If you can get in the class, take it. You get to read Harry Potter and Hunger Games



This course isn't as easy as you might think, but it's an AWESOME course. Take it!



This is a great course for anyone looking for a fun and very low-stress elective.



Take it, and get in Professor Gleason's precept (don't let Marcia tell you no).



This class was awesome and I think anybody would find it interesting (and fun).



Very entertaining and definitely influenced the way I looked at kiddie lit!



You should definitely take it! I even look forward to going to lecture.



MAKE ROOM FOR THIS CLASS IN YOUR SCHEDULE! It will make you so happy.



Definitely take this course! Material is fun and not that much work!



It's not a lot of work, it's really fun, it's kid's lit...why not?



Great class to PDF. Almost no work required unless you want an A.



recommend to those who are looking to fulfill a lit requirement



TAKE THIS CLASS OR ANY (OR ALL) OF PROFESSOR GLEASON'S CLASSES.



Great course- definitely take it if you are at all interested!



Do it! It's a decent amount of reading but totally worth it!



Not enough academic interest to justify spending a course on.



Take it - it's one of the most enjoyable classes I've tried



Take it! It'll be one of your best Princeton experiences :)



Take the course. No matter what. It's worth every minute.



Such a good class!! And Professor Gleason is excellent.



This class is popular for a reason. Definitely take it!



Loved this course! Part of the Princeton experience!!



this is the most fun you will ever have in mccosh 50.



Take it. My favourite non-departmental at Princeton.



This is a great class, one of my all time favorites.



Take it! Great books and solid lectures. Good LA



Definitely take this course. Highly recommended!



One of my favorite classes so far at Princeton.



TAKE THIS CLASS! Professor Gleason is the best!



Definitely take this class. It is phenomenal.



Take this class. You will be so glad you did.



Definitely recommend it. Gleason is awesome!



This course is amazing, definitely take it.



Take this course. Take it. Enroll. Now.



Take this! It's a great lecture class.



Do the readings and you will do well.



If you can take Kiddie Lit. do it.



TAKE THIS CLASS. It is the best.



Take it if you can! lots of fun



I highly recommend this class.



TAKE THIS CLASS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!



take this! princeton classic!



AMAZING TAKE THIS IF YOU CAN



Take it. NO questions asked.



Definitely take this class!



Definitely take this class



TAKE IT! YOU WILL LOVE IT!



Take it, it's so much fun!



Just take it. Seriously.



Take it and do the work!



DEFINITELY TAKE THIS!!



Fun class. Take it.



It's an experience.



Take it! Super easy



Do it. Do it now.



Take this course!



Take this course.



Best class ever.



Really fun class



Take this class!



Take this class.



A must take!!!!



IT WAS AMAZING!



Great course.



Great class!



take this!!!



take it!!!



Take it!!



take it!



Take it.



take it



take.



YES!

















This is a great course if you are interested in minutely analyzing The Ethics, The Categories, and The Physics by Aristotle (although a very sided Professor-Morison-point-of-view is the only one imparted).





Aristotle isn't actually that interesting but Morison's enthusiasm makes this class worth your time. If you have no background in philosophy, this class is a pretty fun introduction.





Take the course to develop a more logical way of thinking and to understand what the function of man is. Without this understanding, you will remain disillusioned.



This is an great course. The material, of course, ought to be learned by any educated man, but moreover Professor Morison does a superb job of teaching it.



This is one of the best courses I have taken. The lectures are funny and engaging, and you will cover a lot of interesting material. Aristotle is the best!



Would take it over again and again. Aristotle really is worth learning about. Too bad, Professor Morison isn't teaching it for the next couple of years.



Take this class with friends with whom you can discuss the material; do not count on the class or precept discussion to be particularly stimulating.



Take this wonderful, wonderful course for an easy EC. Or even if you just want to learn some interesting old thoughts/analysis of life.



Take it if you want to learn Aristole from the best! Morison is great :D Also not too much work/reading- very straight forward class



If you are interested in Ancient Philosophy, you should absolutely take this course (especially with Prof. Morison if you can).



Whether you have an interest in philosophy or not, it is imperative that you take this class in order to be fully happy.



Great lectures - just be prepared to hear only one perspective/interpretation of Aristotle.



Take it if you want to learn about Aristotle from someone passionate about the material.



Morrison is amazing! I highly recommend taking this class, I found it hugely enjoyable.



Take it!!! Not too much work, just make sure you attend all classes and precepts!



take it if you want a not that hard philosophy class and lots of fun.



Take it. Seriously. One of the best classes I've taken here.



take this course if prof morison is teaching it!



Take this course but very technical at times.



Take it. Morison is great. So is Aristotle.



Take it with Morison, he makes this class.



very interesting course.



Absolutely take it!



Strongly recommend



Take this class.





















An enormous workload- but it's possible and entirely worth it. That's all that matters. Don't take it if you're looking for an easy course with light reading.



If you are ready for a challenge, do it. The readings are daunting but entirely worthwhile. You do not take HUM for a grade; you take HUM to be enlightened.



Take it. You sign your life away to your reading, but it's worth it. If you want to know this stuff, there isn't a better time to do it.



Best class at Princeton, hands down. Cannot compare, am very lucky to have taken the course. Can't recommend it enough!



If you're really interested in reading all the great classics and can keep up with the readings, I recommend it.



Please show up to class and don't be afraid to have your own opinion in precept- it makes things interesting.



Do it if you like reading and writing. If you don't like reading and writing, don't take this course.



Do the readings ahead of time. Form relationships with the professors.



Take this course!!! you will feel that you are so enriched after this



DO IT!!! (If you really like to read.)



Read all the assigned reading.



Don't take this course.



See previous evaluation



Read, read, read



TAKE THIS CLASS.



Take it!



Take it.



Do it















Super laid back but a bit unorganized. Take it if you're motivated to work on your own.



Take this class. Stress-free and you learn so much and meet great people!



TAKE THIS COURSE. It will be one of the best courses you take.



Do it! It's fun, and not all that much work.



Have fun! This is a great course and take it.



Take it if you're interested in composition.



so, so much fun. and very relaxing



A fun class, and not much work.



Take it!!



















Pretty difficult, especially if you're not acquainted with music already. I would not recommend to people with zero musical background. However: super awesome.



Take this class! The material is extremely well presented and interesting. Professor Morrison is a wonderful and engaging professor. Try to get into his precept.



Definitely recommend. Helps to have some background in classical music and theory, but you'll find that the listening assignments in this class are wonderful



Anyone with an interest in classical music will enjoy this course. It is very enjoyable and by no means an overwhelming amount of reading or written work.



This course is interesting and covers exactly what the description says. If you want to learn about Romantic Era music, this is the best way to do it.



Beautiful course, a must take! Lectures are like story time - as long as they're taught by Morrison. Pick a good preceptor, preferably the professor.



I strongly recommend this course or any course taught by professor Morrison. He is an extremely good lecturer and very knowledgeable and engaging.



Take this course if you enjoy music history. However, it remains a survey course, so don't expect highest-level material.



If a student has any sort of interest in romantic music and room in his or schedule, he/she should take this course.



take good notes and you'll be fine. this is a fun class where morrison just tells stories about each composer.



if you're ready to work hard, and you love romantic music, by all means pounce like a robin at a worm.



Take it. It's a good LA elective, and if you are a music major, it's a no-brainer.



You should really have some background of music theory to really enjoy this class.



I highly recommend this course to anyone who is interested in music.



Make sure you like musicology before taking this course.



Choose your preceptor wisely; study well for the exams.



I loved this course, strongly recommend.



go to lecture everyday!



This is a great class.



Awesome lectures



Very fun class



good





This course is fantastic for those with some interest in the period. Morrison is an absolutely wonderful and knowledgable lecturer, and really makes the material come alive.



This was my first music history course, and it was amazing. Simon Morrison is an awesome professor - take anything with him. Take this course!!



Takes quite a bit of time, but if you're at all interested in music or the philosophy of modernism, take it!!! Very interesting course.



This is a great course. Morrison is a great lecturer. Take it if you have interest in the era (which is fascinating, incidentally).



If you are interested in this period of music, and can tolerate sometimes highfalutin music philosophies, this is a class for you.



realize that music from this class is (mostly) not to be enjoyed...but understood and put into context.



Take this even if you can't read music! But you should probably really like classical music.



The music is incredible and Simon Morrison is the man. A basic theory background is helpful.



If you have interest in any music from this time period you should take this course.



I would highly recommend this course to another student. It's great!



If you have any interest at all in music, you must take this course.



Interesting material, but it's a good thing I PDFed this class...



Yeah... if you don't care about music, probably a bad idea :)



ABSOLUTELY TAKE IT! Even if you don't like modern music!



If you are interested in the subject you will like it.



Attend all the lectures because they are all amazing!



I think it's a lot of fun.



Really interesting!

















I think that students from a variety of different background could enjoy this class. However, I think that at least one or two previous philosophy classes could be helpful.



This is a good class. It is more technical than most philosophy classes. You will leave this class with a much better framework for how belief and knowledge is formed.



An excellent P/D/F course if you're willing to attend all the lectures. Generally interesting, professor is an engaging lecturer, readings are very manageable.



Lectures are little hard to follow at times. Professor Kelley isn't the most interesting of lecturers though I definitely recommend talking to him personally.



The course is alright. Ultimately not as interesting as the description makes it seem. But precept discussions are insightful and enjoyable.



Strongly recommended. Can take without philosophy course experience. Pay attention in class. Keep up with readings. Not hard.



Unlike other philosophy classes, the material in this class is very contemporary and accessible. Solid EC.



Take this class whether or not you will be a philosophy major. It's awesome in every single aspect.



Definitely an interesting subject--offers something that you won't find in other classes--take it



It's a solid philosophy course, not earth-shattering. If that sounds good to you, take it.



It was an interesting. If you need an EC I would recommend it.



If you are interested in philosophy, this is a great course.



Worth taking if you like philosophy



take it!!!!!!!!!









If you have a strong interest in the topic and are comfortable investigating without conclusions, you will really enjoy Nehamas and the structure of the course.



Though not as good as Nietzsche, this is still a strong course taught by a great professor. His ideas, more than anything are worth taking the class for.



I strongly recommend students take a course with Nehamas. He's a wonderful speaker and this course had very interesting reading material.



If you know a lot about philosophy and art, you will love it! If not, you will be lost and confused.



Even if you are only remotely interested in the topics of the course, I'd recommend considering it.



Take it if you need an LA, are interested in aesthetics, or want to hear some great lectures.



Interesting class but could move slower and cover less material to allow for more analysis.



solid course- definitely do the reading to get the most out of it



An enjoyable, thought-provoking class with interesting lectures.



It's probably the best survey course you can take at Princeton



If you are interested in art at all, this is a great class!



This is one of the classes for which you came to Princeton.



Definitely take this course. It will not let you down.



do the readings. Go talk to Nehemas- he's awesome.



eat well but not too much before lectures.



Prof. Nehamas' lectures were fantastic.



intriguing course, not too much work.



It was a very interesting PDF course.



good la requirement



An absolute must.



Take it!



Do it.





















If you want to get the most out of this course, put time into the readings and the writing assignments- you can really improve your language skills if you do this.



Take it. It's a good course, and you'll develop fluency. It's also not too hard or time-consuming, but it forces you to keep practicing your Spanish.



Take it if you are interested in keeping up your Spanish and have an extra spot in your schedule, but don't expect to improve a whole lot past 108.



Only take this class for the requirement or if you're really interested in the ins and outs of grammar structure. Not a heavy culture class



If didn't take Spanish in high school and have only taken 101, 102 and 107 at Princeton, this course will be pretty challenging.



practice spanish outside the course, really say everything and anything in class and visit office hours of course



Don't take Lorena's section. But this class really helps if you want to get better at spanish.



only take if you have to. just another grammar course. Same exact thing as SPA 108



Keep up with the work, start early and don't be afraid to go to office hours.



Please take this course! You will have fun while learning the material.



Make sure to revise your ejercicios de gramatica to check for errors!



Take it! It's not difficult, and it's super fun. Lorena is the best!



Definitely take it if you want to keep your Spanish skills fresh!



Participate and don't bring your computer to class!



Take it with monserrat. you'll have a lot of fun



Make sure you understand the grammar.



Take it if you enjoy Spanish.



good class



Have fun!



?T?mala!



yes













Definitely take this course if you are at all interested in the theatre department or acting in general. You will work hard but you will definitely improve.



Go all out! If unclear, ask Suzie. Pour your effort into written assignments because they help you with the grade towards the end.



Not super work heavy other than setting up rehearsal times. A lot of fun, I suggest it for everybody with any interest in acting



Strongly recommend this course with Tracy. The 5 hours of class per week were 5 of my favorite hours every week!



This course really works on throwing you outside of your comfort zone intellectually and physically



TAKE IT WITH TRACY! It is such a great LA if you're looking for a fun distribution requirement.



Be sure to read everything given thoroughly and to just do as she says.



I would recommend this course to anyone.



Take it with Professor Bersley!!



I like Tracy's class



Take it!!!











This is a great course for students at any level who enjoy art. Kurt Kauper is a wonderful instructor, and I improved a great deal over the semester.



Take it if you have a sincere interesting in drawing! Have to put in the effort though - can't really fake your homework. Rewarding and fun!



Take this course! It's for students who want to improve their technical skill. I feel that I improved my drawing skills tremendously.



Do not leave the weekly drawing psets to the last day. Start the day before because they take quite a while.



You don't need to be experienced or very good at drawing, but you have to be very eager to draw.



Take the course if you enjoy and appreciate art, regardless of how much experience you have.



If you want an excellent introduction to drawing, I strongly recommend this course.



You definitely learn a lot. Daniel is fun but has particular likes/dislikes.



Definitely take this class! The work takes some time, but it's worth it.



It's a fun class, take it, but realize the grading may be unfair.



Take it. It's fun and you don't have to be amazing at art.



This class is very relaxing and you learn a lot! Take it!



Life skill to be learned!



It's a great course!

