Make  sure  you  understand  his  lectures  because  the  book  is  almost  useless  .  find  him  and  go  to  his  office  hours  if  you  dont  understand  something  or  else  you  are  dead  in  the  water  .  







If  you  want  to  learn  about  differential  equations  ,  then  it  is  a  solid  option  .  Not  the  most  interesting  material  in  the  world  ,  but  it  is  well  taught  and  pretty  useful  .  











Listen  to  what  he  says  while  he  's  writing  because  he  always  stands  right  in  front  of  what  he  wrote  on  the  board  ,  making  it  impossible  to  copy  down  .  







Though  the  course  is  good  ,  I  do  n't  see  why  you  would  take  it  unless  you  are  really  interested  or  it  's  a  departmental  .  The  workload  is  average  .  







Take  it  if  you  must  .  Especially  the  ___  and  ___  and  MAE  kids  .  The  quizzes  and  hw  are  all  super  easy  ,  but  be  warned  THE  CURVE  IS  HARSH  !  







___  was  really  nice  and  thorough  .  It  's  a  shame  he  's  retiring  .  I  think  the  course  might  be  pretty  different  with  the  new  teacher  .  







It  's  an  excellent  introduction  to  solving  differential  equations  ,  although  I  believe  Prof.  ___  is  retiring  after  this  semester  .  







Easier  than  Stone  's  MAE  305  class  .  The  quizzes  are  reasonable  .  Just  read  over  class  notes  and  do  n't  bother  reading  the  textbook  .  







Differential  equations  are  incredibly  useful  ,  so  if  you  are  an  engineer  or  a  scientist  ,  you  should  take  this  class  .  







A  better  class  than  people  try  to  claim  .  Really  feel  like  I  did  learn  a  lot  about  solving  differential  equations  .  







Go  over  the  problem  set  problems  as  practice  so  that  you  can  understand  them  and  so  that  you  can  do  them  quickly  .  







It  's  a  little  boring  if  you  are  n't  interested  in  applied  math  ,  but  it  's  a  very  good  course  if  it  's  a  requirement  .  







This  course  is  rather  dry  .  Not  too  much  work  ,  but  some  of  the  material  can  be  kind  of  difficult  though  .  







Very  manageable  class  .  The  problem  help  session  are  extremely  useful  and  the  ___  and  very  good  as  well  .  







It  's  no  wonder  this  class  is  required  for  engineers  .  Attend  lecture  and  put  in  time  on  problem  sets  







Fairly  straightforward  class  .  Keep  up  with  material  ,  otherwise  you  can  get  overwhelmed  at  the  end  .  







___  's  class  is  not  very  coherent  or  useful  .  Take  it  with  Stone  in  the  fall  if  possible  .  







This  was  a  tremendous  class  .  It  was  not  too  difficult  ,  and  it  was  incredibly  well  taught  .  







You  're  probable  taking  this  because  it  's  required  ,  go  to  lecture  ,  it  's  definitely  helpful  







See  if  you  can  find  the  book  's  explanations  to  match  up  with  what  ___  says  .  







Great  300-level  math  class  .  Solving  differential  equations  is  a  useful  skill  .  







Stay  on  top  of  the  work  and  make  sure  you  can  follow  the  lectures  thoroughly  .  







Take  it  !  Sad  that  Prof.  ___  wo  n't  be  teaching  it  anymore  .  He  was  amazing  .  







If  ___  teaches  again  ,  I  recommend  taking  ___  with  him  







Keep  all  your  homeworks  and  sit  close  during  lecture  .  







Do  n't  take  this  course  with  ___  







I  'm  really  glad  I  took  this  course  







So  much  easier  than  Stone  's  class  !  







Take  it  in  the  spring  with  ___  .  







Only  take  if  it  is  a  requirement  .  







Only  take  it  if  you  have  to  







It  's  a  chill  course  .  







Go  to  the  AI  hours  .  







easy  class  .  







Take  it  !  











f  you  are  interested  and  enthusiastic  about  Fluid  Mechanics  ,  this  is  a  great  course  to  take  .  Be  aware  of  the  lenghty  but  helpful  homeworks  .  







This  class  is  a  lot  of  work  .  Do  n't  sign  up  for  other  classes  that  you  anticipate  will  be  difficult  in  the  same  semester  as  you  take  this  class  .  







The  course  is  challenging  but  very  enriching  and  interesting  .  I  would  definitely  recommend  it  and  the  professor  teaching  it  is  very  good  .  







This  course  is  a  lot  of  work  .  Be  prepared  .  Do  some  background  reading  about  similarity  solutions  early  .  This  will  make  life  easier  .  







This  course  requires  a  lot  of  time  and  attention  ,  but  if  you  are  able  to  give  both  ,  you  will  learn  a  lot  about  fluid  dynamics  .  







Be  prepared  to  spend  a  vast  amount  of  time  on  this  class  .  If  you  pay  attention  and  read  the  course  notes  it  is  doable  .  







Try  to  read  the  notes  before  lecture  ,  watch  the  fluid  mechanics  videos  ,  and  get  started  on  the  homework  early  .  







Take  this  course  if  you  are  interested  in  the  subject  matter  .  The  professor  is  very  knowledgeable  .  







Need  a  great  deal  of  mathematical  knowledge  .  Strong  fundamentals  in  fluid  mechanics  is  required  .  







It  is  definitely  a  must-take  course  ,  especially  if  taught  by  Professor  Stone  .  







You  wo  n't  find  a  more  rigorous  or  thorough  one-semester  fluids  class  .  







Make  sure  to  spend  enough  time  on  the  problem  sets  .  







Definitely  take  it  with  Howard  Stone  if  possible  .  







Actually  watch  the  movies  he  suggests  watching  .  







