Make sure you understand his lectures because the book is almost useless. find him and go to his office hours if you dont understand something or else you are dead in the water.



If you want to learn about differential equations, then it is a solid option. Not the most interesting material in the world, but it is well taught and pretty useful.





Listen to what he says while he's writing because he always stands right in front of what he wrote on the board, making it impossible to copy down.



Though the course is good, I don't see why you would take it unless you are really interested or it's a departmental. The workload is average.



Take it if you must. Especially the ORF and CBE and MAE kids. The quizzes and hw are all super easy, but be warned THE CURVE IS HARSH!



Kostin was really nice and thorough. It's a shame he's retiring. I think the course might be pretty different with the new teacher.



It's an excellent introduction to solving differential equations, although I believe Prof. Kostin is retiring after this semester.



Easier than Stone's MAE 305 class. The quizzes are reasonable. Just read over class notes and don't bother reading the textbook.



Differential equations are incredibly useful, so if you are an engineer or a scientist, you should take this class.



A better class than people try to claim. Really feel like I did learn a lot about solving differential equations.



Go over the problem set problems as practice so that you can understand them and so that you can do them quickly.



It's a little boring if you aren't interested in applied math, but it's a very good course if it's a requirement.



This course is rather dry. Not too much work, but some of the material can be kind of difficult though.



Very manageable class. The problem help session are extremely useful and the TAs and very good as well.



It's no wonder this class is required for engineers. Attend lecture and put in time on problem sets



Fairly straightforward class. Keep up with material, otherwise you can get overwhelmed at the end.



Kostin's class is not very coherent or useful. Take it with Stone in the fall if possible.



This was a tremendous class. It was not too difficult, and it was incredibly well taught.



You're probable taking this because it's required, go to lecture, it's definitely helpful



See if you can find the book's explanations to match up with what Kostin says.



Great 300-level math class. Solving differential equations is a useful skill.



Stay on top of the work and make sure you can follow the lectures thoroughly.



Take it! Sad that Prof. Kostin won't be teaching it anymore. He was amazing.



If Kostin teaches again, I recommend taking MAE305 with him



Keep all your homeworks and sit close during lecture.



Don't take this course with Kostin



I'm really glad I took this course



So much easier than Stone's class!



Take it in the spring with Kostin.



Only take if it is a requirement.



Only take it if you have to



It's a chill course.



Go to the AI hours.



easy class.



Take it!





f you are interested and enthusiastic about Fluid Mechanics, this is a great course to take. Be aware of the lenghty but helpful homeworks.



This class is a lot of work. Don't sign up for other classes that you anticipate will be difficult in the same semester as you take this class.



The course is challenging but very enriching and interesting. I would definitely recommend it and the professor teaching it is very good.



This course is a lot of work. Be prepared. Do some background reading about similarity solutions early. This will make life easier.



This course requires a lot of time and attention, but if you are able to give both, you will learn a lot about fluid dynamics.



Be prepared to spend a vast amount of time on this class. If you pay attention and read the course notes it is doable.



Try to read the notes before lecture, watch the fluid mechanics videos, and get started on the homework early.



Take this course if you are interested in the subject matter. The professor is very knowledgeable.



Need a great deal of mathematical knowledge. Strong fundamentals in fluid mechanics is required.



It is definitely a must-take course, especially if taught by Professor Stone.



You won't find a more rigorous or thorough one-semester fluids class.



Make sure to spend enough time on the problem sets.



Definitely take it with Howard Stone if possible.



Actually watch the movies he suggests watching.



Don't miss class, the lectures are very useful.



Be prepared to put in a lot of time.



Big time commitment.



















If you need to take a Solids course, take it with Professor Haataja. He is incredibly engaging and clear and the course is perfectly reasonable in terms of time commitment necessary to do well.





This is a great course if you are interested in the material and don't mind spending time on problem sets. The material is really interesting and the professor is absolutely amazing!





If you are a MAE student, you won't really have a choice about taking this class, but nonetheless Mikko is a great professor and Solid Mechanics is a good class.



I'm not sure how interesting students would find this course if they didn't have a strong background in mechanics or found PHY103/105 to be interesting.



This class is a good introduction to the sort of things useful for mechanical engineering, and you won't have to work too hard at it either



Good course, though some problems require going to office hours/problem sessions so start on problem sets early, obviously.



Start the problem sets early, go to office hours. Review all of the completed problem sets that are returned to you.



Very well taught class! Do the problem sets, go to precept, lecture, office hours and you're good for the class!



Stay on top of things especially in the second half of the course which is significantly more difficult.



Any MAE has to take this. You'll spend time on it, but it should actually be a rewarding experience



If you are considering taking this course, you're the kind of person that would enjoy this course.



Only take this course if it is a departmental, but know that you will enjoy it and learn a lot.



I personally didn't go to the problem solving sessions, but I hear they help a lot, so go!



Somewhat interesting material, make sure to go to lecture and stay current on the concepts



Do problem sets well, and keep up with the course (especially toward the end)



Mikko is a great lecturer and this has been my favorite class this fall.



Mikko is a great lecturer and his office hours are very helpful.



If you go to class and read the textbook you'll do fine.



Only take it if it is a requirement.



My favorite class this semester



Do the problem sets.



TAKE THIS COURSE!



Attend classes.













Prof. Reider's stories are amazing and he has great guest lecturers throughout the semester. If you have any interest in medicine or drug discovery, I highly recommend taking this class!



A very interesting class with very low work load (the midterm and final take-home exams are very time consuming though). Precepts are a joke though, you don't need to go.



Take it! The lectures are interesting; there is absolutely no homework involved. Just have to spend a lot of time for the take-home research midterm and final :)



I think this was a very good course, and would highly recommend it for students interested in learning about drug discovery and the pharmaceutical industry.



Take this class. It's really interesting and is not a lot of work on a week to week basis. The professor is great and the lectures are fascinating.



Something different and interesting. Take it! Certainly don't have to be a chemistry or mol bio major to enjoy it/understand the material.



Easy course, especially if you are interested in the drug discovery process. Attendance really not mandatory for all the lectures.



Take it! It's new material and you get exposed to aspects of chemistry/pharmaceuticals that you never would in a different class.



If you are interested in any health related field be it medicine, drug delivery or health policy, this class is a MUST.



pretty chill class (workload is low) but you really have to pull out all the stops on the take-home midterm and final!



Prepare well for the midterm. The average was very high with very little deviation from the mean this past semester.



Take it, but on day one, decide what you want to get out of the course, and make every effort to achieve that goal.



Definitely recommend if you're interested in pharma, even if you've never taken an upper level chem course before.



Definitely take this course if you have any interest! It's not much work and it's extremely interesting.



Useful for aspiring pharmaceutical chemists and business people looking to understand big Pharma.



I really recommend this class! Super low stress class.



Please take this course. You will learn a lot



DEFINATELY take this best class on campus



Interesting information, easy course.



Low workload and pretty interesting.



take this class. period. do it.



Highly recommend it!



Wonderful course.



take it!















































































































Take it, look over the assignments page beforehand and try to familiarize yourself with programming a bit beforehand. You're not expected to know anything beforehand, but it helps a bit.



Cos 126 is a wonderful course for people who have any interest in learning to program. It is impressive for its accessibility to non-programers, and I found the projects to be quite fun.













If you never took the course before, don't partner with someone too smart. I learned a lot more struggling with my partner. It was hard though and the tests were totally killer.



This is a very rewarding class, and you don't need any programming knowledge to get a lot from it. Lecture material builds on previous lectures' concepts, so don't fall behind.



Definitely take this course, even if you are not BSE and don't plan to pursue anything computer-related. Useful skills and a way of thinking that everyone should be exposed to.





A great course to take, I highly recommend it. Help is always there if you need it. If you've taken computer science before, the topics covered are still cool and engaging.



A lot of work, but very useful and organized. Lots of amazing resources ready to help you. Very hard to make a good grade in without experience or COS talent. No curve.





Don't underestimate the course based on the first few assignments. Start with plenty of time to debug. Go to the lab ta's if needed. Generally, they are really helpful.



Take CoS if you are an Engineer [because you have to!] but if you aren't an engineer, taking CoS will still be very helpful for programming purposes in other fields !





Even though its not pdf, you should still take it, its not that hard if you are willing to work ahead and give yourself time to conceptualize the more abstract stuff.



Take this course! It is a wonderful, gratifying experience, even for humanities people like myself. Don't underestimate the exams, though. The time limit is a b*tch.



Make sure you understand how things actually work. Don't take anything you see on the slides for granted, actually work out what everything means and why it works.



It doesn't matter what major you are or what you're interested in. Take this class. Go to lecture, learn the material. It's exceedingly rewarding and so much fun.



If you choose to do partner programming, make sure you go through and try doing it yourself again to make sure you're not dependent on someone else's knowledge.



Start programming assignments early and be sure to try to do it by yourself first before consulting the Lab TAs. I think you are able to learn more that way.





This is a great course to get an introduction to computer science. You'll learn it well, although just know that they use a high-school curve for grading.



Great course! Definitely take it you will learn a lot about programming. Make sure to attend precept and never start your assignments at the last moment.



T.A. office hours are tempting, but try struggling through the assignments. This way you prepare yourself for the environment of the programming exams.



Take it if you are interested in being educated. Failing to take this class today is almost like refusing to learn to write. Besides, you will love it!



Understand computer science concepts by paying attention in precept. Don't get points docked off for bad style, because that should be an easy fix.



Always practice programming even if you are done with the assignments. It helps on the exams. And also go to office hours begin assignments early.



Take it, especially if you don't know anything about computers. It will change computers from magic boxes into understandable and usable devices.



It's a pretty hard class if you stop being on top of things. Learn everything in detail as you along or else you will regret it in the future.



DO NOT BRING YOUR COMPUTER TO LECTURE OR PRECEPT. You don't need it and you WILL get distracted and sucked into fb just like any other class.



Take this course. Be aware it's a decent amount of work if you haven't programmed before so make sure to keep up because it's all cumulative.



Go to precept, try to attend lectures too because they are pretty interesting. Readings aren't necessary but will help for the written exam.



Take this course if you're an engineer or you're REALLY interested in programming. It's pretty difficult but probably worth it in the end.



TAKE IT. It's fantastically taught and you learn so much. I'm a humanities major and it was probably my favorite course this semester.



Definately take this course if you want to learn to program, but be prepared to devote a significant amount of work to the assignments!



Challenging if you have no programming experience but definitely do-able and worth taking. Fairly time-consuming but very interesting!



Make sure you learn the material from day one. It may seem easy, but applications of basic concepts become increasingly complicated.



Take this course. It's not only a distribution requirement for BSE, but will remain useful throughout your life in the 21st century.



Definitely take this course unless you are absolutely certain you do not need to know anything about computer science in the future.



Computers are an increasingly important part of this world, so understanding a little about how they work certainly can't hurt you.



If you want to pick up some programming as part of fulfilling your Princeton degree, do it. Humanities majors should not shy away.



Start your assignments no later than Thursday. Ask for help when you need it. Try to retain your knowledge, and do practice tests.



Be sure to commit a lot of time to the course. Requires much more time that other courses. Make sure to start assignments early.



I would recommend this course to anyone willing to have a better understanding of computers and how they work. It is a fun class.



I would definitely recommend this course. Knowing a programming language has many uses. It may be hard, but struggle through it.



Take this class! Utilize every aspect of help available, since there are many ways to get your questions answered in this class.



I would recommend just seeking help when you need it. There are a lot of good resources that make the class very manageable.



Interesting material, but definitely difficult and fast paced. Don't be scared to take it but don't take it and expect an A



Take it if it is required. Take it if you're interested. Keep up with the actual computer SCIENCE part. It sucks, but yeah.



I think that every student should try to take this class, as the mindset it helps develop is essential in modern society.



COS 126 is a lot of work. While the assignments aren't so bad, the exams are difficult and require a lot of preparation.



If you haven't programmed before, it's going to be incredibly difficult and time-consuming. Buy a different textbook.



Definitely take this class. Go to all the lectures at the very least and try to read the textbook before the lecture.



It is a lot of work and the material is difficult, so only take it if you are ready to put in the time and work.



Make sure you can put the time into this class. Also spend a lot of time studying because the exams are killer.



Great class to have but since they are removing the PDF option, just know that it will probably lower your GPA.



I would say that every student at Princeton should take this course. It is so fundamental and taught very well.



Awesome course! Highly recommended even if you have no interest in pursing COS (or you might even find you do!)



Do the readings before going to lecture. The extra exposure will be very helpful for understanding the material



Give yourself plenty of time to do the assignments, and make sure you understand why you're doing what you do.



Just ask if you have questions and really try hard in the beginning of the semester to understand the basics.



Definitely take it. I recommend it to ANYONE, BSE or not. Though be prepared to work hard, and rewarded hard.



If you're AB, make sure to go out of your way to take this. It will change the way you think for the better.



Start early on the assignments, because you never know how long it will take to program and get it to work



Very easy if you have any QR skills. Class is very fun and rewarding. Take for fun, there's not much work.



Try not to lose points. No curve will slay you on stupid header/comment/dumb points from assignments.



Definitely take this class. It's a lot of fun, and you don't need any prior experience to enjoy it.



Great course, I strongly recommend it to anyone. No prior experience in computer science necessary.



Definitely take this course. It may take a lot of time but it's very useful and you'll learn a ton.



Take it as your hardest class if you're a beginner, and definitely go to precepts and the lab TA's



Use the lab TAs and office hours for hw and everything you need help with. Everyone is so helpful.



Use the lab TAs if you are confused. The programming exams were the fastest 90 minutes of my life.



Definitely take COS 126. Programming is a great skill to have and the course is taught very well.



Take this course. Hands down. Don't worry too much if you have absolutely no experience in COS!



Don't be afraid to ask for help. It's not a knock to go to office hours, the TA lab, or Piazza.



Requires a large time commitment, but very doable, due to the amount of help that is offered.



Take the first few assignments seriously because they count the same as the last few ones....



Take it, its definitely challenging, but you learn a lot! (be prepared, exams can be tough!)



Whether you want to learn about computer science or not, you should definitely take COS 126.



I heard that this course will not be offered as a P/D/F option next year, so choose wisely!



Just because you have lots of coding experience doesn't mean you'll do well in the course.



Take it. Even if you don't need it for anything. But, be prepared to put in a lot of time.



If you haven't taken computer science before expect this to be a very challenging class.



Such a useful class! Applications everywhere, and I recommend it to absolutely everyone.



Awesome class, would definitely recommend it! Workload is not as bad as some people say.



Study for the midterm written exam! Do well there, and it will be a lot smoother saling



Take this class. It's a must. A lot of work but worth it. Get Donna as your preceptor!



The weekly assignments are interesting, and well worth the hours spent on each of them.



It is a good introduction, but the less background you have the more work it will be.



Read the textbook as much as you can and get ahead. At least stay on top of things.



Take advantage of all the people offering help and anyone can do well in this class.



Definitely take it! If you study even a little for the exams, they're not that hard.



Make sure to get help right away as soon as you get stuck, especially when coding.



This course will demand a lot of time. Be prepared if you have never coded before.



Take it: this is the one course you should take at Princeton before you graduate.



This is a fantastic intro course in java programming, which is a good life skill.



I would recommend getting a good preceptor, and reading the book before lecture.



If you want to learn some programming and have no experience, I would recommend.



I highly recommend this course. Give it a good effort, and you should be fine.



TAKE IT. It's one of the most interesting, best run classes I have ever taken.



Definitely take the course if you have never tried cos. It is a fun experience.



Do the work with as little help as possible to maximize your own understanding.



STAY UP TO DATE ON YOUR STUFF! DONT SKIP READINGS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! START EARLY



You'll learn a lot in this class, but it also requires a good amount of work.



It is a good course to fulfill QR, and generally a very good course to take.



Start programming assignments early and don't be afraid to ask questions.



The class is good. Theoretical stuff can be a pain. Assignments are fun.



Definitely take this class. Keep up with the work and don't fall behind.



Make sure you have a very good preceptor and don't fall behind at all.



Class varies greatly in time commitment. Not a great way to fill a QR.



COS126 can be time consuming but is very interesting and well taught.



Definitely take this course. It is a lot of fun and you learn a lot.



Don't go to lecture; I went to every lecture, and I probably failed



It is a very enjoyable course if you have the time for the reading.



Good, organized intro course; takes a substantial amount of time



It's a class definitely worth taking, but your GPA might suffer



Just take 109 unless you're going to pursue COS in the future.



Leave a few days in advance to do the programming assignments.



Read if even if you've programmed before, it's very helpful.



TAKE IT! If you have doubt TAKE IT! You won't lose anything.



Do the readings thoroughly and start your assignments early.



I would suggest that they read a bit about java beforehand.



GREAT CLASS! really interesting! I am so glad i took it!



Stay on top of EVERYTHING as you go along in the course.



Take it but be ready for a lot of hours for assignments.



Everyone should take this course. Sorry it is now npdf.



If you don't understand a concept, talk to a professor!



Useful class but nothing one cannot learn on one's own.



Take it by all means! It is very fun and not too hard.



Take it. It's fun, not hard at all, and pretty useful.



Cos could be very interesting if it were well taught.



Go to classes, and more importantly, go to precepts.



Practice programming as much as possible from day 1.



It will be a lot of work, but definitely worth it!



get started on the assignments early in the week



It's both fun and useful--absolutely worthwhile.



Go to lecture and start the assignments early.



Don't bother going to lecture, it's useless.



Start weekly programs as early as possible



Stop being computer illiterate and take it



very well organized class; you learn a lot



No matter what you are doing, take this.



Take it, but don't expect it to be easy.



Take this class! You will learn so much.



Make sure you get help when you need it



Prof. Clark is awesome awesome awesome



Start programming assignments early.



Don't take it if you don't have to.



Prepare well for the midterm/final.



Start working on assignments early.



It's good but takes a lot of time.



Practice coding in your free time!



Shop preceptors while you can!!!



Stay on top of your assignments!



Take it if you don't know Java.



Interesting, fast-paced class.



keepup and understand material



Study for tests more actively.



Go to lectures and precepts.



Start on assignments early



Keep up with the reading.



Pay attention in lecture.



Take it at your own risk.



start assignments early!



Start assignments early.



TAKE IT TAKE IT TAKE IT.



Takes some time, but fun



TAKE IT WHOEVER YOU ARE



Moves very very fast.



Take this course.



Study for exams.



Take this class



Good exposure



JUST TAKE IT



type fast



Take it.



Awesome



do it!



Do it.







































Work hard on the programs but make sure you study the material otherwise the exams are really difficult. Get Bob Dondero for your preceptor! This is a pretty difficult course.



Definitely take this course if you are interested in what goes on in the inner workings of your executed code and your computer! It was challenging but a lot of fun!



Take COS 217! It's a terrific course--one of the best I've taken at Princeton. I loved learning about computer systems and systems programming. Highly recommended!





Start your programming assignments early so you can take advantage of office hours. You will become a significantly better programmer through taking this course.



It's too much work to PDF. Either take it because you're interested and willing to devote most of your semester to the assignments, or because you have to.



Make sure you are ready for this course; this course made me wish that I had already known C, or maybe that I took COS 226 before 217. This class is hard.



Unless you are a COS major or someone who is ready to make this class their number one priority who doesn't have other difficult classes, don't take it



Take it if you think you might be interested in architecture or OS. Also, I'd recommend ELE 206, which is better taught on the whole and lower level.



This class is not as difficult as people will tell you (I'm not a COS major even) and it's actually really great. Don't be afraid and go for it.



Take it. Programming assignments take a bit of time. You learn some cool stuff like assembly language though. Well taught and guided class.



Start on assignments early. Pay attention to lecture slides for exams. Attend all precepts. Try and get into Professor Dondero's precepts.



Take this course -- it provides an excellent picture of how computers work and a broad knowledge of the C programming language.



Take this course if you're interested. By the end of it you will understand how computers work on a much more powerful level.



Good course - learnt a lot. But be prepared to work hard. A D is very possible if you don't care about the course enough.



Take this course - you learn a lot, although you have to work far more than in the majority of classes in the department.



Some of the topics could be rather dry, but I feel that this course provided a good introduction to programming systems.



Take it if you're getting a CS degree or a certificate. It's quite time consuming and very frustrating at times.



Be prepared to do a lot of work, but expect great satisfaction upon succeeding in the programming assignments.



It's a hard course. Be prepared to give in a LOT of coursework and make sure you love the course material.



Don't take it with Peterson. He doesn't know what a fair exam is. Other than that, it's a great course.



COS 217 is hard but rewarding. If you are willing to get challenged take it, you will not regret it!



Do not take this course lightly, it will consume your time. Pay attention in lecture and precept.



I would definitely recommend this course if you're at all interested in computer science.



If you are interested in programming and like to know how things work, take this class.



You absolutely DON'T want to walk out of Princeton without doing COS 126, 226, and 217.



Take this course if you're interested in computer science beyond the introductory lab.



Don't take it unless you want to work ridiculously hard and not have a life.



I recommend it to everyone who is interested in learning computer science.



Take this. Get Dondero. Win. Seriously though, it's not thaaat much work



Set aside time for the work. You'll learn a lot but things take a while.



Hit the ground running and get very good grades on your assignments.



Take it only if you are willing to spend 10 hours per week coding.



For the final, be sure to study all of the post-midterm lectures.



Great class, definitely take and get Dondero as your preceptor



The exams are really unfair, so don't expect to do too well.



Start programs early and use modularity as much as possible



Take it but be prepared to spend A LOT of time working.



Only take this if you are interested in the material.



Get Professor Dondero as your preceptor if you can.



You will learn a lot through doing the assignments.



Recognize that it will come to dominate your life.



Awesome course if you get Dondero as a preceptor



Start assignments early and go to office hours.



start everything early, and do the reading



do not get akshay mittal as a preceptor



Get Dondero. Seriously, you must.



Great course! Try to get Dondero



take it if doing cos certficate.



Very difficult course, but good.



Start your assignments early



Start the assignments early



It's a prerequisite...



Interesting class.



Take it







































This course teaches interesting and practical material and teaches it well. Be prepared for some frustration in the highly theoretical exams and weekly exercises. However, coding assignments are both cool and instructive.









Anyone interested in practical or theoretical computer science should definitely take this course. I would also recommend this to any other analytical individual who has a slightly more philosophical side.



Decent course to take. Interesting material with cool applications. Subpar lectures at times, but that may be a result of the comfortable chairs and laid back atmosphere that induced me to sleep very often









Take this class if you want to do something programming related, or have the option. It teaches you the fundamentals of computer science that lets you pass pretty much any COS interview.



This class demands a lot of attention, but it's worth it. Some aspects of execution are a little mechanical, but the broader picture/algorithms you learn are really interesting.



Great course with great teachers. There were some incredibly smart people in the class with a lot of experience, so it was difficult to keep up with the advanced, extra topics.





Great course. You should try this class if you are even slightly interested in computers / computer science. It's very interesting and got a lot of good material online etc.



The material in COS 226 is a little bit dry but the class is really good and the amount of applications of the algorithms and data structures we learn are staggering.



For people interested in COS, even non-majors, this is a really cool course. The material is considerably drier than 126, but it's good to know and taught very well.



Start the assignments early, but that applies to just about any course. Also, take it with Josh and Arvind. They are probably the best lecturers I've ever had here.



A very good class that covers topics essential for any programmer. All the lectures are online, and can be watched at your convenience -- which is often helpful.



Attend lecture. (And try not to fall asleep b/c lecture is long, but you'll miss explanations). If you do fall asleep during lecture, watch the online lectures.



As usually, start assignments early and work on them daily. Your grade can be reduced significantly if you find a bug the day before and are unable to fix it.



Study hard for the midterm and final, and don't be fooled by the ease of previous years exams. Exams all around are becoming much tougher than in years past.



If you enjoyed COS 126, you should take it! It's not just programming, though. You really need to think about each algorithm and understand what's going on!



Definitely keep up with all the concepts. As someone who comes from a math background, I found the analysis of algorithms aspect (runtimes, etc) very fun.



Most people will be taking this because they have to but it's a good class nonetheless and you learn many useful skills and knowledge for programming.



take this class! start programs early and study hard for tests. algorithm design questions are very difficult so make sure you look at old exams.



This class is very difficult and the grading is set to high standards. The average for most projects throughout the semester is a 38 or 37/40.



Will take work and effort, but if you're interested in computer science, definitely worth it to take it! Josh and Arvind are lots of fun.



Good practice programming, learn fundamentals of computer science, much more interesting material than 126, esp. in second half of course.



The material itself is fascinating, and it is presented well and clearly in this course. Take it if you have any interest in the subject.



Just enjoy! It's a fun course--just be sure to understand the material as it's taught. Don't leave it all for the pre-exam-week studying.



Pretty much an extension of 126. Assignments weren't too complicated, nor did they take that much time, totally doable in a day or less.



Take this course if you enjoyed COS126. It's much more work, and it may take up the majority of your workload, but it's so worth it.



Take it only if you're really interested in programming. The assignments, though not conceptually difficult, can be quite tedious.



More difficult than I expected. Tests are difficult, for me at least as a non-COS major and one not particularly talented at COS.



Arvind is a decent lecturer, and Josh Hug is the best; try to get a precept with Hug if you can. The assignments are not too bad



A very good course, needed for majors, but still very interesting for non-majors who have the requisite programming experience.



Grading for assignments mostly revolve around preceptor, but it's a good course on algorithms, data structures, and analysis.



Great for learning about the basic data structures and algorithms. Also an introduction to computational theory and proofs.



A lot of work, so be prepared, but very interesting and helpful. Definitely do it if you're doing the certificate.



This class is not too bad, just do your work and study for the tests by doing practices and you should be fine.



Exams will always be longer and harder than any of the practice exams on the COS 226 website. Be prepared.



Good COS class with interesting assignments. Lectures can be a bit boring, but the material is useful.



Take it. It's interesting and fun. Josh Hug is fantastic. It's a bit more conceptual than 126 or 217.



Great course with some really interesting info. Go to lectures, watch Bob on Coursera, read the book.



If you like programming, take this course. It's absolutely essential knowledge for every programmer.



Go for it - great material and a brilliantly structured course. One of my favourite at Princeton.



It's great! Make sure you go to lectures and start the assignments early! You'll love the course!



Stay on top of knowing how the algorithms work, you get exposed to a lot of algorithms each week.



If you've taken COS 126 and want to learn more about COS, definitely look into this course.



Lot of time. Take it if you have to or if you have a genuine interest in computer science.



This class is much harder with Josh Hug and Arvind Narayanan than it was in previous years



I really enjoyed the course. It is very useful material even for non computer scientists.



Take it because you probably have to, and because the algorithms are very useful to know.



make sure you take this class seriously from the get-go; there is no PDF option anymore!



You absolutely DON'T want to walk out of Princeton without doing COS 126, 226, and 217.



Be prepared for a lot of work - coursera lectures way more helpful than actual lectures



The programming assignments are fun, but prepare to spend 2-3 entire days on each one!



Take it even if you're not a COS kind of person. I really learnt a lot and it was fun.



It's hard...but very rewarding! The assignments are very interesting and challenging!



I don't like the flipped format. Wasn't my favorite course but I worked really hard.



If you liked COS 126 and want something more challenging, this is the class to take.



Take it Josh/Arvind if you can, don't take it if it will be flipped lecture style.



Take it, but go to lectures and make sure you understand the material thoroughly.



It's a good class if you are interested in pursuing COS certificate or COS major.



Take it. Just stay on top of your work and reading, and you'll love the class.



Much better than COS 126 in terms of material covered. Take it before COS 217.



Definitely take this course. It's really good. The professors are the best!



Take it, never procrastinate since there is a ton of material to learn.



This is a lot more interesting that COS126 and definitely worth taking!



Great course. Arvind and josh are both entertaining and good lecturers



It's a good course to take if you are interested in computer science.



Take 226, especially with Arvind/JHug as lecturers. They were great!



Spend a good time understanding why the algorithms are important.



This course is incredible and most definitely should be taken.



Do not procrastinate: start the programming assignments early!



Don't take this class if they're doing flipped lectures again.



Great, fun course. Be prepared to put in the hours, though.



Really good course, but rather hard. I liked COS 217 better.



Take it! Just be aware that it is a time commitment.



Take it. It's something you should know in this era.



Great course. A lot of work but you'll learn a lot.



Take this class whether you're a COS major or not.



Make sure to read the textbook before lecture.



Try going for solo programming, it's more fun



Make sure to start assignments ahead of time.



TAKE IT!! It's interesting and applicable.



Get ready for analysis on analysis on java.



Start collinear early. Its the hardest one



If Arvind and Josh are teaching, take it.



Don't take senior spring unless for PDF



Make sure you study HARD for the exams!



Take it! You learn pretty cools stuff!



You should take it. It's interesting.



Interesting class, but really hard.



Pay attention and do the exercises.



Take it if you like COS.



Take it! A good course.



take it. you gon learn.



Definitely take it!!!



Don't sleep in class.



Just take it already.



Good followup to 126



Definitely take it.



Do the assignments!



do the reading.



Go to lectures!



Spend time



take it!



Take it.













































If you haven't really programmed outside of structured assignments, take this course. If you've done a lot of programming projects on your own already, this course isn't very necessary.



As long as Kernighan is still teaching this class, definitely take it. He's an amazing professor. Get started early on your project! It's tons of work but very rewarding.



It's a solid systems course, you get exposed to a ton of different aspects of computer science in the lectures, and the project is a good learning experience.



You owe it to yourself to take it just so that you learn the basic process of building a real product. But the lectures themselves won't do much for you.



This class was really fun. Make sure you have a good group willing to put time into the final project and not someone flaky who is busy all the time.



Find a group of friends and take this class!! One of the best classes at Princeton, and Prof. Kernighan is a very entertaining lecturer.



If you are a COS major, it's a must-take. It really teaches you to learn how to make something from scratch. Such an invaluable skill.



BEST. COURSE. EVAH. The project makes up for the mildly boring lectures and the difficult early projects. Do it, do it NAUWGH.



Very good class. I would recommend it to anyone interested in computer science or with an entrepreneurial spirit.



Take this class, it's the best and Kernighan is the man. Just make sure you have a good group for the project.



Take it, overall it isn't too much work, you learn alot doing the project, and Kernighan is a good professor.



This is a really great course, but get a good group and make sure everyone works consistently on the project.



This course is the closest you can get to real programming work experience and is definitely worth taking.



It's worth taking - just make sure all of your group members contribute somewhat equally to your project.



Take this class if you're wondering how to make some sort of application. Very very good course.



Definitely take it because Prof. Kernighan is professor you should try to have if possible.



This class is awesome, make sure you keep track of the frameworks he suggests checking out.



I think most would agree this is a class every cos major should take before graduating.



Take this course if you want to break out of the mold and be creative with programming.



If you like writing code, or want to get better at writing code, take the course.



step 1) take 333,step 2) make an awesome project,step 3) ???, step 4) PROFIT!



Take it. Good way to fulfill one of the CS systems requirements.



The final project is an amazing experience. Take this class.



Must take: amazing professor and worthwhile final project.



Take the course. It's awesome. You won't regret it.



Find a group that you work well with and have fun!



Take it! You'll learn a lot about web programming.



Don't let yourself get behind. It'll burn you.



Building the project is a great experience.



Take it for kernighan, get a good group



Get a good group together early on



Best course at Princeton



Start everything early.



A must-have for CS.



Be careful



Great!





























I would definitely encourage them to take the course. Even if you are not a computer science major, the material will still be understandable and it applies to so many different fields.





The programming assignments are fun and not to difficult. I found the problem sets to be kind of a pain. The biggest thing to know is that Schapire will put you to sleep.



The course is like a continuation of 226. 402 is particularly interesting because the field of AI is still very young. Prof. Schapire definitely knows his stuff.



AI is massively useful. You *will* run into these algorithms and concepts if you ever end up doing COS in the real world. This is a pretty good class to take.



If you like the material, you should take it. Don't expect much from the lectures, but you will certainly learn a lot of useful and interesting information.



This should be a must-taking course if the student is thinking about pursuing further study in the area of machine learning and artificial intelligence.



Take it. Awesome course. The workload varies and it can really depend on how much you want to put into it, but overall, definitely worth taking.



The concepts of this class are interesting, but the course does come with a fair amount of work so be prepared to invest some time.



If you are interested in AI and are looking for a class that covers both the applied and theoretical side, definitely take it.



This is one of the good ones. Worth taking for its well-prepared curriculum, subject relevance, and quality of instruction.



This will take up time with weekly assignments, but the subject matter is pretty useful for any sort of AI based problem.



Take the course! Number of interesting topics that are very relevant to modern computer development are covered.



AI is an interesting field, so I would recommend taking this course even if it isn't particularly enjoyable.



AI is an interesting field. Everyone passionate about mathematics or computer science should learn about it.



If Schapire's teaching, take it! I can't imagine a clearer presentation of the topics covered in this class.



The book is very good. Lectures aren't necessary, but provide a good introduction before reading the book.



Be prepared for weekly problem sets. The course was taught well with an overview of a lot of material.



For the student who is really curious about AI but remember be with solid math and logic background.



If AI sounds interesting, take this course. It's not too bad work-wise and the problem space is fun.



Very tough course for non-majors, but very well-designed and very rewarding to take.



Do not take unless you are pdfing or want to do a considerable amount of work.



If you want to learn AI this is your best chance in life, don't miss it.



This course is really interesting and taught well - you should take it!!



This course is well-run and covers a lot of pretty interesting material.



If you enjoyed the material in COS226, then you'll like this class.



Very helpful. Can gain practice in programming at the same time.



Unless you need to, or are fascinated by AI, don't take it



Be aware of the Udacity AI course. It's a great resource.



Okay course, a lot of work for basic algorithm concepts.



Student's of all backgrounds can fit in in this course



Yes, it is a great introductory course for the field.



Good times, pretty much like 226 in terms of workload



It's super interesting and the assignments are great.



Very interesting course, would definitely recommend



I loved it, it's a great applications elective.



Don't take this course during a busy semester.



I would highly recommend taking this course.



Give thorough answers on problem sets



Its a lot of work, but rewarding.



Start your problem sets early.



A course very worth taken.



Take it, its awesome.



A great COS class.



Take it!!!!!!



Great Course



Must Take!



Yes.

























Really great survey of all sorts of issues in security. Professor Felten really knows his stuff and has tons of real world stories from his work at the FTC to regale you with.



This course is a good introduction to security, so take it if you need to learn the basics. Don't expect a lot of programming...most of the assignments are written reports.



Take this class! Well taught and well run, and a little less work than comparable classes. Sometimes can be more about common sense than detailed computer science.



Definitely recommend this course very highly, it is incredibly interesting through and through, and Prof. Felten exudes awesomeness from his ears. That is all.



Fantastic course. It's a privilege to pick Ed Felton's brain about security. Balance of practical and theoretical, entertaining, Josh Hug is the best AI ever.



If you have any interest at all in computer science, take this class. It's one of the best classes I have ever taken at Princeton. When doing



Not a very demanding course. You learn some very interesting things, if you're into computer science or technical policy. Felten is great.



This is a great course. I'd recommend it if you have any interest in the subject, even if you feel like you don't know anything about it.



Absolutely take it! Ed Felten is an amazing lecturer, Josh Hug is a great preceptor/TA, and the lectures/assignments are both fantastic.



Take it. A lot of nonmajors take it too, and in-depth understanding of computer science concepts is not a prerequisite.



Take this course if Ed Felten is teaching. Even if you don't think you're interested, try it. A must for all CS majors.



Definitely take it. Ed Felten's lectures are great, the assignments are worthwhile, and get easier overall as they go.



Don't just take this course because of its famed infrequency; make sure you're really interested in the material.



You'll need to spend a lot of time looking at Information Security outside of lectures to really enjoy it.



Felten is fantastic. The assignments are fun. Material is not difficult to grasp. A must-take course.



Take it! The assignments, especially the last, are interesting and enjoyable even when frustrating



Take this course if you're a COS major, COS certificate person, or think it would be interesting.



Take it! Felten is the man, and the assignments teach you a surprising amount about security



A very interesting course. Professor Felton is one of the best lecturers in the school.



Make sure to take this class with a friend because there are lots of group assignments.



Very interesting course, not such a heavy work load, just make sure you go to lecture.



Take it. The class should seriously be renamed "Ed Felten is a Boss". He's awesome.



Take this course!!! Definitely one of my favorite courses at Princeton so far.



It's very interesting. I recommend you take it if you like computer science.



I would highly recommend this course. Great lecture, interesting material



Absolutely take this course if you can. Everything is just top-notch.



Do it. It's really fun and not that much work, and you learn a lot.



Take this course if your interested in information/cyber security.



Take it, please. It is one of the best courses at Princeton.



Take good notes during lecture, start early on assignments.



A great general COS course. No reading, good problem sets.



Take it! It's not too time consuming and Felten is amazing



Take this class and learn computer security from the best!



Take this. No question. Do not hesitate. Felten is a god.



Great lectures, light workload, difficult to get an A



Dear God, take it. Just take this course. Please.



Probably one of my favorite courses at Princeton



Take it. It's only taught once every two years.



Great, interesting class! High-level approach.



Very cool, minimally time-consuming course.



Fascinating material, excellent lectures.



Take it as an applications for sure!



Great course! Definitely recommend.



Good course. Take it if you can.



Brush up on your linux skills.



TAKE THIS CLASS. TAKE IT.



Definitely take it.



Fantastic class!



Take this class.



Must take it!



Great course



meh. sure.



Take it!



Take it.















Great overview of current research topics in animal behavior, especially if you are interested in modeling or group behavior. Very interesting content.



Take it with Couzin in a heartbeat...hard to beat his style of lecturing and the topic is just great...by the way, cookie breaks every class? Amazing.



Really great course! Takes steps beyond neuro classes and more interesting and applicable than EEB 311. Professor Couzin is an awesome lecturer.



This is a very, very interesting and fun course. Couzin is an amazing lecturer. Great course, highly recommended.



I would definitely recommend this class as I found it very interesting and worthwhile.



If you want a really up-to-date perspective on animal behavior, take this class.



Fascinating subject material presented by a great and enthusiastic professor.



I would suggest taking this course if you enjoy the subject matter.



Take advantage of break time to bounce ideas off of Prof. Couzin!



take it. very interesting material and not a lot of work.



Take the course! It is amazying and interesting.



Very interesting and well-taught class.



It is a very interesting class



It's a lot of work



Great course



Take it!



neutral





















Expect a hard course and expect a lot of self teaching, especially if Professor Cuff is the teacher. Use online courses at Stanford and MIT to help teach you the material.



Take it only if you're interested in this material. I wasn't particularly interested, but some of my colleagues who were claimed to enjoy this course much more than I did.







ELE201 is a good course to take even if you're not an ELE major. The material is interesting, it is not too much work, and Professor Cuff is an amazing lecturer.



This course seems like more of a math class than an electrical engineering course. It also has quite a steep curve, and requires a significant time commitment.



This will eat a lot of your time. In reality, you need a decent grasp of Matlab, and be prepared to struggle with the calculus. Especially if you're a freshman.



Essentially a math course with an engineering focus. The material is very interesting, but be prepared to work if you haven't had diff eq/matlab experience.



If you're not ELE, take this course if you're interested in information theory, control theory, or how to analyze signals in the frequency domain.



Start the problem sets and labs early as they often take much longer than you think. Do outside reading too besides just the lectures.



Don't take it with Cuff. The labs and problem sets are long and painful. Unless you're PDFing, it's going to be too stressful.



A lot of stuff taught (Fourier, delta function) will be used in Physics and Maths as well. It is a good course overall.



Go to as many office hours as you can and work with people. This class is no longer as easy as it used to be!



I learned a lot, but unless you make the effort to work with other people, don't take it unless you have to.



Don't take this course unless you know you are an ELE major! It's very hard and takes up a lot of time.



You learn about the fourier transform. It's interesting stuff, class is pretty disorganized though.



Don't take it unless you have to and don't expect to get out of lab at the prescribed time.



A very fun course! Shouldn't be too challenging for anyone with a technical background.



Take it if and only if you're an electrical engineer or a computer scientist.



Great course but be warned, the labs and problem sets take a very long time.



Take it only if you are an ELE major, not otherwise.



Pretty good class but also challenging



Take it.







This class is an excellent course that demonstrates how science and medicine relate to policy. I think this is a must take course for pre-med students and students interested in public health.



This course was definitely one of my favorite courses at Princeton and I would recommend it to anyone interested in molecular biology and/or public policy.



I would recommend this course for anyone interested in the science aspect of public health. Take advantage of opportunities to participate during lectures



I would recommend this course, but be prepared to work a lot for the final presentation and be sure to pick your group members wisely.



This was an excellent MOL departmental. Easily one of the best MOL classes I've taken during my 4 years here!



Really easy course. It isn't that interesting, but Mahmoud is a really awesome guy if you get to know him.



Great course for senior spring -- interesting material, fantastic professors, really manageable workload.



This is a fantastic class! Professor Shank and Professor Mahmoud are brilliant and wonderful lecturers!



Definitely recommend taking this class! My favorite class of the semester by far.



Ask a lot of questions during lecture so the professors get to know who you are.



Anyone interested in disease should absolutely take this class.



Complete the readings. engage in class discussions regularly.



Take it, you won't regret it



















Make sure you really are prepared for it before you enter. This course is incredibly hard but it is a very enriching course that forces you to think on a different level.



It's going to be extremely time-consuming and difficult, but you'll get a lot out of it. Don't take if you don't want to major in one of the natural sceinces.





Take this course if you are truly willing to learn a new approach to science. Don't take this course if you want to have a lot of extra time.



It's really tough, a lot of work, especially for a freshmen. But it's very intellectually satifiying with some of the best instructors.



Only take the course if you are willing to invest huge amounts of time especially initially, or settle for a less than average grade.



Take people seriously when they tell you this class is a lot of work. Be prepared to stay at Icahn for several hours every night.



Take this course if you're serious about science and are willing to put in close to 40 hours a week of work.



Don't take this course unless you're sure you want to do a science major - in that case, it's great.



You should take it.





















If you need to take a Solids course, take it with Professor Haataja. He is incredibly engaging and clear and the course is perfectly reasonable in terms of time commitment necessary to do well.





This is a great course if you are interested in the material and don't mind spending time on problem sets. The material is really interesting and the professor is absolutely amazing!





If you are a MAE student, you won't really have a choice about taking this class, but nonetheless Mikko is a great professor and Solid Mechanics is a good class.



I'm not sure how interesting students would find this course if they didn't have a strong background in mechanics or found PHY103/105 to be interesting.



This class is a good introduction to the sort of things useful for mechanical engineering, and you won't have to work too hard at it either



Good course, though some problems require going to office hours/problem sessions so start on problem sets early, obviously.



Start the problem sets early, go to office hours. Review all of the completed problem sets that are returned to you.



Very well taught class! Do the problem sets, go to precept, lecture, office hours and you're good for the class!



Stay on top of things especially in the second half of the course which is significantly more difficult.



Any MAE has to take this. You'll spend time on it, but it should actually be a rewarding experience



If you are considering taking this course, you're the kind of person that would enjoy this course.



Only take this course if it is a departmental, but know that you will enjoy it and learn a lot.



I personally didn't go to the problem solving sessions, but I hear they help a lot, so go!



Somewhat interesting material, make sure to go to lecture and stay current on the concepts



Do problem sets well, and keep up with the course (especially toward the end)



Mikko is a great lecturer and this has been my favorite class this fall.



Mikko is a great lecturer and his office hours are very helpful.



If you go to class and read the textbook you'll do fine.



Only take it if it is a requirement.



My favorite class this semester



Do the problem sets.



TAKE THIS COURSE!



Attend classes.







Take this course with Professor Arnold! He is amazing and i actually looked forward to lecture every week. You learn a lot and the homework really prepares you for the tests.



Not too hard, make sure to get the book obvi. If you like materials it should be fun but if not, it'll be fairly easy to sleep your way through the class.



This is a great course to take in conjunction with MAE223 Solid Mechanics- they are both telling different sides of the same story.



Don't shy away from this course. It's definitely worth taking, and you may consider the Materials certificate as a result.



This class is cool, I think you should all take it. Professor is great. Read the book, use the textbook's student website.



Professor Arnold makes materials science very interesting, and is very approachable with questions and feedback as well.



Go to Arnold's office hours. He is very helpful and good with the one-on-one. (when he has time).



Take it. Gives a whole new microscopic view on everything around us and why stuff happens.



If you have to take a materials class for anything, take this one.



If you go to lecture and read the textbook you'll do fine.



Keep up with the material there's A LOT of it



Take this with Craig. You won't regret it.



Take it if Professor Arnold is teaching



Interesting for a mechanical engineer.



Study hard for the exams!



Take it as a sophomore.



Study for the final!!



Class attendance.



Go to lectures





























For any students who wish to take this course I would recommend wanting to actually learn about this material, doing outside reading and keeping up with the material ahead of time.



Try to go to lecture as much as you can, they're always really interesting although if you don't, the lecture slides usually cover most of the relevant things you need to know.



The professors are extremely enthusiastic and dedicated to giving non science majors a good science experience. Definitely take if you want something not too difficult.



It's a fun course taught by great professors if you are into molecular biology. The 80 minute lectures are kind of tiring though. Lab reports are easy and labs are fun.



TAKE THIS COURSE If you want a good ST that's not too fluffy but not too hard, this is the course for you. The professors, TAs, and labs are all fantastic.



The lectures are a little slow and while you will learn the material you will need to find the good preceptor to go to her reviews before the exams.



Take this class. It's interesting, the material is highly applicable to daily life and the professors make an effort to keep you on your toes.



Really good/fairly easy ST Lectures are also pretty interesting, the lecturers know their audience is mostly humanities/social sciences...



I strongly recommend this class to students who are interested in biology, even if they don't consider themselves "science people."



Make sure to go to every single lecture, to go to office hours for lab, and to go to the review sessions.



take this class! A great, interesting ST with amazing professors. This is why Princeton is so incredible.



If you need a second ST or are interested in the subject, but aren't in the hard sciences, take it



A very good course for non-science people who still want to know a few things about the subject.



Great class for people who need to fulfill an ST requirement. The material is very interesting.



It's a good overview of important concepts, but somewhat like high school bio.



Take it! I learned alot of useful info, and all of the profs are excellent.



This course is an insight into science without being steeped in figures.



It's a good class for non-science majors to fulfill a lab requirement.



If you're looking for a more relaxed ST, this is the way to go.



Take it if you've never done bio before, it will explain a lot



make sure you review frequently and go to office hours.



take this as a really interesting and relevant ST



This class is OK. Maybe you want to PDF it.



It's not easy, but still very worth it.



Take it, but study the lecture slides!



Go to lecturer, don't skip it!



Take it, you won't regret it.



A good way to finish up ST



Best class at Princeton.



Great choice for a lab



good ST req class



Go to lecture.



Take it!



ENJOY!





This class is an excellent course that demonstrates how science and medicine relate to policy. I think this is a must take course for pre-med students and students interested in public health.



This course was definitely one of my favorite courses at Princeton and I would recommend it to anyone interested in molecular biology and/or public policy.



I would recommend this course for anyone interested in the science aspect of public health. Take advantage of opportunities to participate during lectures



I would recommend this course, but be prepared to work a lot for the final presentation and be sure to pick your group members wisely.



This was an excellent MOL departmental. Easily one of the best MOL classes I've taken during my 4 years here!



Really easy course. It isn't that interesting, but Mahmoud is a really awesome guy if you get to know him.



Great course for senior spring -- interesting material, fantastic professors, really manageable workload.



This is a fantastic class! Professor Shank and Professor Mahmoud are brilliant and wonderful lecturers!



Definitely recommend taking this class! My favorite class of the semester by far.



Ask a lot of questions during lecture so the professors get to know who you are.



Anyone interested in disease should absolutely take this class.



Complete the readings. engage in class discussions regularly.



Take it, you won't regret it











Please take this course! It might seem terrifying because of the way it is taught but I guarantee anyone who takes this course will be glad that they did!



Make sure you keep up with the reading, and dont fret too much on not fully understanding everything, ask Tom he will be happy to do his best to explain.



You will truly learn how to read and dissect literature in this course. It is a must for anyone interested in bacteria or molecular genetics!



A background in microbiology or prokaryotic genetics is very useful but I think this class is valuable for everyone. Definitely take it.



TAKE PROKES. It's an amazing course that's integral to the development of a Mol Bio student at Princeton, regardless of your discipline.



Read every word of every paper, and make sure you understand the rationale behind all experiments presented.



If you don't take proks, don't say that you are a molbio grad student at Princeton. :)



I would recommend the course and a strong genetics background helps significantly.



It's like a drug, once you take it you can't leave it.



You have to "take" it, not just auditing.







The problem sets are difficult and require a good amount of work but the class is great. If reading primary literature and learning how to design quantitative biology experiments sounds fun then take it.



If you are working in and is interested in knowing about classic work, this is a great class. And definitely even if you know about these things, this class will add to your knowledge



If you are interested in quantitative biology and biophysics definitely take this awesome class. It is especially cool when Professor Botstein and Wingreen teach this class together.



If you lack linear algebra, the course is still possible but will be more challenging, make sure to visit the TA often and start the problem sets early.



A fantastic class if you're interested in quantitative biology. The professors are awesome and the discussions lively. Like a bonus semester of ISC.



TAKE IT! Best class I have taken at Princeton, by far. The professors are so amazing and the material you learn is also fantastic.



Challenging material with a rockstar team of professors, definitely worth taking if you have an interest in quantitative biology.



Only take if you have a strong math, quantitative biology background. This must include coding and linear algebra/statistics.



I would recommend this course if you a physics student who thinks you want to do biophysics, or for any MOL concentrator.



I would advise students to brush up on their differential equations and to participate as much as possible.



Take it!!! get ready for a hellish couple of problem sets though... totally worth it.



Read the paper carefully, and be brave to say your ideas loudly.



An excellent course for getting a sense of quantitive biology!



Take it!!!! But watch out for the time: 3-6pm on Fridays.



Start the homeworks early, make friends that know math.



This course is not easy, but definitely worth it.





If your research is related in any way to material science or nanotechnology, take this course! Professor Scherer is an amazing teacher and his lecture notes alone are worth taking the class for!





Know the thermo, because it won't go away. Re-listen to the lectures ( I would recommend twice, once soon after class, and once before exams).



Read the notes before class so that you can keep up during lecture - Dr. Scherer blazes through the material!



Don't be afraid by the large amount of material covered. Being confortable with thermodynamics is a plus.



pay close attention in lectures the first time around, and take the time to listen to the lectures again.



Find a friend who knows mathematica if you've never used it before.



Make a good use of the discussion board.



Very difficult but worth while.



Listen to lecture recordings



be prepared to read a lot



Excellent class



Take this class











Hands-on experience in microscopy techniques is very useful for those engaged in experimental research.



I would definitely encourage another student to take this course. It is a very practical class.



Be prepared to have a lot of laboratory time with the different microscopes and spectrometers.



If you want to become trained on the IAC microscopes, definitely worth taking this class.



Strongly recommend this course to anyone wishing to pursue research related to materials.



Very good course! Very efficient way to get trained on the instruments.



I would recommend it, particularly if you are an experimentalist.



Good alternative to minicourses on each individual instrument.



If interested in using microscopy techniques, take this class!



take it! be engaged, ask lots of questions, etc.



Pretty low workload. Great lab experience.



I would recommend the course.



Very useful and practical



Go for it.







































Don't schedule anything for right after this class because lectures tend to run over time. Sit toward the front if you want to see the board and hear the professor.



Make sure that you understand how to do the problems fully. If you don't understand each step, you probably won't do very well on the tests. I speak from experience.







Very beautiful math, interesting applications, and challenging problems. If you're at all interested, definitely take this class - you won't regret it.



Take this course. It will teach you to have an intuition for probability, which is so much more valuable than just having to plug and chug integrals.



Fun, interesting course. Not nearly as terrible as some people would have you think. Also not exactly "life-changing" but definitely worth taking.



This course was a lot of work and from my perspective, not much of it will be useful in my research, therefore I wouldn't recommand it.



This is a fantastic course: brilliant and immensely provocative! It's tough, but it's definitely worth the time and the effort!



This class isn't for everybody, but the effort you put into it is well worth it (if you're interested in the subject matter).



Do take this class, but take it seriously even though you are a Math major. If you practice enough, you will do wonderfully.



A challenge, but if you like probability and are up for the work, it is a great course. Cinlar's lectures are fantastic.



I strongly recommend the class if you are interested in the subject. The professor is great and the TA's are awesome.



I would take this course if you might be interested in the subject. Just be warned that it is very time-consuming.



Cinlar makes the topic very interesting. Be prepared to put a fair amount of work into the class though.



Great course. Definitely go to all the precepts since its often key to doing the problem sets.



Take. Cinlar is really cool and says funny things. Learn to understand problems conceptually.



Attend office hours regularly. Otherwise, the class can be almost prohibitively difficult.



If you like probability go for it. If you like more concrete math, I wouldn't suggest it.



Take the course! You have to work though, its definitely not easy, especially if you slack



I would advise students to take this course but be willing to put a lot of time into it.



It's all math but take it if you are interested because you will be engaged throughout.



Take it. It teaches you important concepts that will prove to be useful in the future.



It is great! The material is really interesting, and Cinlar is the best lecturer.



Take it. Might take a while to understand the materials but it's worth it.



Take the time to read over and understand the material. It is worth it.



Office hours are super helpful! This a difficult but rewarding class!



Fun course, requires some "mental gymnastics" and good intuition.



Take it if you can handle the work. It's definitely worth it.



Take this course if you like math and understand calculus.



take it if your research is about quantitative modeling



Spend the time to learn the material in the beginning.



Take this course. I'm WWS and I throughly enjoyed it.



Find a study group at the beginning of the semester.



Be prepared for a lot of work, and hard material.



Take it seriously. You'll get a lot out of it.



Don't start your problem sets too late.



Awesome course. Prof Cinlar is great.



i found the material very difficult



difficult class, but worth taking



Take it! It is totally worth it.



Take it and challenge yourself,



start the big homework early



Take it. Take the course.



Difficult yet rewarding.



Take this class



Go to precept.







ORF 335 provides good background, much of the math is covered between SDEs and taking expectations. Good course to take, leave plenty of time to do the problem sets, especially MATLAB problems.



Excellent course, excellent lecturer (although lecturer might change). Very quantitative so familiarity with basic financial modelling and stochastic calculus is important.



take the course if you are interested in financial math and its application in different asset classes



A bit redundant with fin 521. Fin 521 is better at fixed income but does not have commodities.



technical course, great to develop a foundation in fixed income and commodities



Strongly recommend if you want to learn more about modelling in commodities

After Prof. Cinlar teaches you the subject, you will definitely see the atoms of random measures inside your dormitory room. Excellent choice!



Expect to work a lot on the homeworks; however, no final exam is gven (only 8 problem sets, which will constitute the final grade).



I strongly recommend the course if you have general interest in stochastic process.



One of the best courses so far.

