TAKE THIS COURSE. These lectures were godly lectures, they were so UNBELIEVABLY AWESOME. Nunokawa is a brilliant, wise, hilarious man. Every single day I learned something about the world or myself or life that went so much beyond the readings. He verbalizes those truths which you have sensed but not known how to put into words, and teaches you the life lessons you were only beginning to get a sense of in your own life. And all in the context of the novels you're reading. Just so very awesome. TAKE IT. Oh, and maybe do the readings over the summer before if you can. They ARE kind of long.... (BUT SO WORTH IT)

This is a good class, which I would recommend. Professor Nunokawa is a great lecturer - he's very smart and very engaged in the material and interested in the students and their opinions. However, I would recommend that you read at least a couple of the novels before the semester begins, or else expect to fall behind very quickly.

The class is hard to follow because the reading assignments are too long for the time given. The preceptors are good and Professor Nunokawa is a joy to listen to, but lectures were a little fast or hard to grasp. If you want to take a class with him, consider a seminar rather than a large lecture format such as this.

This is absolutely a great course to take, whether for a distribution requirement, for your major, or just for fun. You will be challenged and forced to work hard, but you will exit the class with a sense of accomplishment having tackled some of the richest texts in the English language.,

I would tell them to sign up for the course right away. The professor's lectures are exciting and insightful, especially because his passion comes through in his analysis of the novels. I thoroughly enjoyed the class and hope to take another course with Professor Nunokawa, if possible.

This is a really great English class with a wide appeal. Start the reading early though because you won't make it through it all if you don't start in the summer/haven't read any of the books before no matter how much you love the books.

There's really too much reading to do it all during the semester, so try to get started over the summer. Other than that, though, this is a really good class. The books are great, the lectures are great, the papers are interesting.

I would recommend this course if you are interested in Victorian literature. You must be able to devote a lot of time to this course though. The reading list is long and the novels average 600 pages.

TAKE THIS CLASS. You won't regret it! Just knock out the reading during the summer or else you wont' be able to do it all, and the lectures won't be as meaningful.

This course is not to be missed. Professor Nunokawa's enthusiasm and love for the subject matter is unique and inspiring.

I would recommend this course as a way to fulfill distribution requirements for Prof. Nunokawa's lectures alone.

A lot of reading. Grade depends on two big papers - so make sure you can put enough time and effort into those.

If you like the reading list, take it. Your grade simply comes from two papers on readings of your choice.

The books are wonderful, the precepts are fascinating, and the lectures are interesting. Take this class!

Take it, without a doubt. It may be the most fun you ever have in a class, at Princeton or anywhere!

If you are interested in the subject this is a great class, it is a lot of reading though.

Start reading the books early, but don't be overwhelmed by the thickness of each book.

This course is an extreme amount of reading, but its all worth it in the end!

Know that you'll have to do a lot of reading - these are long books.

Read the books! They're wonderful! And make use of office hours.

I would definitely recommend this course and Prof Nunokawa!

Take this class. I'm not recommending it, I'm demanding it.

Take it! Don't miss lectures. Definitely read Middlemarch.

You won't find a better lecturer than Professor Nunokawa.

Loved it - Great books, great lectures, great precepts!

Do lots of the reading before the class starts.

If you like the subject matter, go for it!

Try to keep up with the readings!

Difficult, grading-wise.

Prof. Nunokawa is great!

Go to lectures.

Great class.

I loved it.

Take it!

Take it.
