Take the course! You will not regret it. The subject material is fascinating and you get to learn the latest in the field. The lectures are very well explained and prepare you for the midterm and final. The readings simply complement the material so pick and choose what you read. The precepts were a ton of fun. And the final term paper was quite rewarding since we had the chance to delve into a topic of our choice. Wonderful course!

If you?re an EEB major, you definitely want to take this course to get a feel for a modern approach to animal behavior. However, I strongly recommend to non-EEB majors as well due to its large breadth and relevance to many different connected areas such as psychology and even politics. Lectures are intriguing and Prof. Couzin is a dynamic teacher.

Definitely do the readings after lecture to get a sense of what is important/what isn't necessary. If you are having trouble, do reach out to Professor Couzin -- he is very open and willing to meet with students and answer any questions or mitigate any concerns you may have.

Don't even think about taking Professor Gould's class over this, you'll learn so much more with Professor Couzin. Not just about animals and their collective behavior, but about how collective patterns emerge at every level of biology. Really, it's such a fascinating course.

Professor Couzin is a very good lecturer and the subject matter is really interesting. It's not extremely well organized, but it you're good at taking notes and keeping yourself organized then you'll be completely fine.

You learn a lot of things you wouldn't even think you'd want to learn or that you even knew you could learn about. If you're in EEB take it, if you're not take it for fun anyway.

Great overview of current research topics in animal behavior, especially if you are interested in modeling or group behavior. Very interesting content.

Take it with Couzin in a heartbeat...hard to beat his style of lecturing and the topic is just great...by the way, cookie breaks every class? Amazing.

Really great course! Takes steps beyond neuro classes and more interesting and applicable than EEB 311. Professor Couzin is an awesome lecturer.

This is a very, very interesting and fun course. Couzin is an amazing lecturer. Great course, highly recommended.

I would definitely recommend this class as I found it very interesting and worthwhile.

If you want a really up-to-date perspective on animal behavior, take this class.

Fascinating subject material presented by a great and enthusiastic professor.

I would suggest taking this course if you enjoy the subject matter.

Take advantage of break time to bounce ideas off of Prof. Couzin!

take it. very interesting material and not a lot of work.

Take the course! It is amazying and interesting.

Very interesting and well-taught class.

It is a very interesting class

It's a lot of work

Great course

Take it!

neutral

I think this is a great course for EEB majors, who would benefit from seeing where new and current research in the field of behavior is going RIGHT NOW, and finding out if this is the subject area that they want to study more closely. I actually wish I'd taken this course as a junior instead of as a senior.

Take this class if you are looking for an easier, yet interesting, EEB class - especially for MOL majors looking for a 300-level EEB. Just go to all the lectures and you'll be set. Plus, there's a nice break with cookies :)

Definitely take this class!! Plenty of reading, but the material is fascinating and Prof. Couzin is a fantastic lecturer. Expect an unimpressive precept, but a great class overall! You will learn a ton.

Such a cool course. Iain Couzin is such a relaxed and cool guy. He is very open to working with students on their ideas, and is a good lecturer. The class isn't too much work and is super interesting.

Take this course! It's really interesting, the exams are fair, and you'll learn so much about animal and human behavior that spans disciplines of biology, psychology, sociology, economics, and more

Although the course material is novel and integrative and perhaps cutting edge, the professor's lecture style and the running of the precepts was pretty poor. I did not benefit from any teaching.

It's different from other neuro/ethology classes because it focuses more on theory than on specific experiments in the past. I liked the class though and Professor Couzin is really nice

Take the course! Couzin is a great lecturer, one of the best I've had. Pay attention during lectures, do readings for subjects you need to reinforce, and you'll be fine.

Iain is a baller, Matt's a great preceptor, you learn so much about collective behavior, and you get cookies and juice every lecture. Great class

I would not recommend taking this course unless you are very interested in neuroscience because that was a major topic.

really intersting, but a lot of info. some concepts are hard and its frustrating that there is no syllabus

I would recommend the class to others if they were very interested in the topic.

Interesting material; keep up with the readings.

Go to lectures, do the reading!

Only take if you have to.

Don't do the readings.

great class

If taking this course, make sure to have at least a fair understanding of the reading material beforehand if possible (talk to Professor Couzin to see if he would post the reading material for lectures before those lectures would actually be given. This will make following lectures far easier because lectures represent a comprehensive summary of the readings that includes examples and still manages to illustrate the important principles of the readings.

If you are are a hard and independent worker with a great interest in animal behavior as a science, definitely take this course. The professor will not hold your hand, though; it is your responsibility to learn the material and seek help when needed.

Of all the ones I took this semester, this is the one where I most often said "Wow." The material is just really cool, and not hard to understand either.

Take it, even if you aren't an EEB major. One of my favorite courses at Princeton.

Take it!

Take this course! One of my favorites I've taken at Princeton. Especially worthwhile if you are at all interested in collective behavior. Crucial for anyone who wants to study animals or people from a systems point of view; also great if you're into neuroscience, massively parallel computing, or theory of learning (from either a philosophical or a technical perspective).

Great course regardless of whether students have previous familiarity with the subjects covered, or an integrated/quantitative background.

Great, great course. Take this class. The only thing is the exams suck and require rote memorization of stupid details.

I would strongly recommend students to take this course as an exposure the cutting edge side of animal behavior work.

Very interesting class with very current information. Don't take this class if you're a class-skipper!

Great EEB class on behavior. Fun and interesting without too much work and worry about grades.

Read the readings--they provide more detailed information on what is covered in lectures.

Take it. It was really cool material, taught very well

Pay attention during the lectures.

There are some very interesting concepts in this course. I found some of the material a bit abstract and there were times when I'd question what we needed to know about a concept that is not even agreed upon in the scientific community.

Be aware that there is a great deal of nueroscience and mechanisms involved in the course material; it is not your typical Animal Behavior class.

ask questions. i found that when i sat down to really thoroughly think through the topic, i didn't understand it as much as i thought i did.

Don't bother buying the textbook, just do all the primary readings from google scholar instead.

Take it. The professor is really good and it usually has pretty interesting subject material.

The course is good, though intensive and requires considerable attention and memorization.

Take this course if you are interested in the subject matter or an EEB major.

Not your classic animal behavior, very cutting edge.

Not too much work, participate in precept

Great course. Great professor.

It was a sweet course.

take it!
