The class is great but you need to really enjoy writing as you will be doing A LOT of it, in addition to spending time reporting - it eats up a lot of time.

I think he was a visiting professor but if Witte ever comes back.. take it!!

If Griff is ever teaching a course again, TAKE IT!!!!!

take this class. you will not regret it!

TAKE IT

Take this course if you're interested in journalism especially international news and correspondence. I took this same course two semesters in a row and although it might look strange on my transcript, the professors are different every semester so the course is entirely new every semester as well.

From day one, you need to be prepared to challenge yourself. It isn't easy, at first, to get into the mindset of a journalist. But with time and exposure to others' work, your writing will improve as will your ability to think critically. It's a fun course, just be ready to work.

JRN courses are wonderful. Take them.

While a different professor teaches every semester, I would say that you should both (1) expect a little disorganization in the beginning, since he or she may not exactly know how to initially approach structuring a course, and (2)seriously consider taking a journalism course in general, because it is a field that is very interesting and essentially ignored in all other academic areas. I think it's important to get at least a taste of what this career entails. And naturally, definitely take this course if you enjoy learning of international affairs and foreign cultures.

If you're anything like I was when I first enrolled in this course - a bit oblivious to current events - you can expect to have your worldview radically changed. This class profoundly affected my understanding of current events and the media; and it also happened to be a whole lot of fun!

I would recommend it to students, but it actually made me NOT want to be a journalist by the end of the course. Maybe because the course was focused on foreign journalism where more dangers are involved, or maybe because it helped me figure out that I love academic writing more.

Take this course if you're interested in writing, if you want to meet some amazing journalists, if you have any international interests. Such a great class! I will definitely be taking more JRN classes after this one.

The Journalism program here is AMAZING! My experience with the guest professors has been wonderful and I've learned quite a lot. I really can't recommend the experience quite enough.

This is a great opportunity to work on a skill that's slightly different from more academia-minded courses. It really broadens your horizons. I'm so glad I took this course!

I grew a lot in this course, as a writer and as a person. I would strongly recommend it to anyone who would like to gain a little self-confidence and a lot of know-how.

Take this course if you're interested in learning about the world, becoming a journalist, or interested in cultural studies or politics. You won't be disappointed.

I'd recommend against the course unless you just want to talk with others about a specific global interest for three hours each week.

Once in a lifetime opportunity.

Take it!

YES!

If you're in any way interested in, or intrigued by journalism--not necessarily meaning you want to be a journalist, but even if you wonder what foreign correspondents do and why foreign reporting is the way it is--take the course. It'll really open your horizons. [Disclaimer: Your experience may vary depending on who's teaching.]

- Bernstein sadly won't be teaching it again, so I can't vouch for any other teachers in the future. But if it's anything like the course we had this semester, then by all means, TAKE IT!! This was my favorite course this spring by far.

Take it! Though this one won't necessarily be offered again in this exact iteration, take the journalism seminars!

If you're interested in learning how to write news articles, as journalist would, this course if useful.

Its a good class--heavy on the foreign policy, but Prof Sciolino does a good job of bringing in enough journalists to make it good for aspiring reporters. Take it if you have the time--the assignments are a little time consuming.

I would certainly recommend this course but would warn that it requires a high level of time, attention, and devotion. I will say, however, that I found every bit worth it and am so thankful that the opportunity was granted me

Try to check out the professor and talk to him/her about the syllabus, the focus, and the structure of the class. The teacher will make or break this course, since they are given free rein over everything.

get ready to write a lot - but if you enjoy writing, it will be a great class! take it.

Strongly recommended if interested in international relations or journalism.

Take this course! And bring Elaine back to teach it!

Hope the next instructor is as good as Elaine.

If you're looking for an SA, take it. If you're looking to fulfill an Environmental Studies certificate requirement, take it. In fact, take it just because it's awesome. But make sure Peter Maass is the professor!

Journalism classes are great. The quality depends totally on the professor, so if this is taught by a different professor, disregard these comments.

AT ALL COSTS IF PETER MAASS IS EVER TEACHING ANYTHING BE SURE TO TAKE IT. IT'LL BLOW YOUR MIND AND BE SUPREMELY SWEET!

Take as many journalism courses as you can. They're a lot of work, but totally worth it!

Be ready to be frustrated with your writing in the best way possible!

Take it...oh wait, you can't. Sorry.

Take it!!!!!!!!!!

Take it!
