You get out of this class what you put into it. If you attend lecture, study for the exams, and take the labs halfway seriously, you will learn a lot of extremely interesting and relevant information. If you blow it off, you probably won't learn anything or understand what you're doing in lab. This is often described as a "gut" course. Although it is extremely easy to pass if you P/D/F it, if you want to get an A, you'll have to study a fair amount for the exams.

Although this class is supposed to be "science for the scientifically challenge", don't let this fool you. Because we are trying to cover so much in such a short period of time, learning the material is often overwhelming. Fortunately, there are many opportunities to go to office hours. In addition, the exams are difficult. As a whole, the is definitely recommended for a person who has general interest in the class and is willing to put in the work.

Even if you don't have any interest in biology or the sciences, take this course! It is a great way to fulfill the ST requirement and learn about very relevant topics. It is not a lot of work throughout the semester - at most 20 minutes a week for the labs - and the tests are very fair. The lecturers understand that most of the students are humanities students, and therefore gear the lectures for non-science students.

Definitely take this course. The professors are unmatched and the subject is interesting. It's science at a completely relevant level, and made relevant to your life as a citizen, as every class should be. Professor Bassler really struck me when she explained that understanding DNA evidence would be vital both if you ever work in the judicial system, but also any time you might be on a jury.

I would take it if you're looking for a harder science than Bridges or Natural Disasters offer. You'll learn things in this course that are actually useful and help you understand the modern world. A good course to PDF too-- if you attend all the lectures (which isn't that hard) and study for a couple hours before the exams, you can definitely pass.

ONE OF THE BEST CLASSES I WOULD RECOMMEND TO ANYONE IN PRINCETON!!!! You realize the importance of having great professors and you realize how insightful the ELITE professors (Nobel Prize Winners and McArthur Prize Winners) are! Something EVERYONE should have a chance to experience. The value of Princeton education is evident in this class!

Definitely take this course if you need a science for a requirement! It's super easy and requires absolutely no work except for studying for the exams. Also a ton of people PDf this class so if you don't, it's easy to do pretty well because the curve only gets better and better as the semester goes along.

First of all, students should attend all of the lectures, and they should take relatively detailed notes on the slides corresponding to the teacher's explanations. This is incredibly important in fully comprehending the material and doing well on the detailed questions on the exams.

take this course! it's really fun and the instructors try their best to present science in an interesting light and realize that they are mostly presenting to non-science majors. Everything is clear and everyone is receptive to questions, from the lab TAs to the lecturers.

Don't take this class if you don't actually like biology to some extent. But if you're a humanities/social sciences person and like biology a little bit, TAKE THIS! It's taught by 3 awesome professors and the lab is not bad at all. I would recommend MOL 101B to anyone.

This is the perfect course to fulfill an ST requirement. Given the fact that many students will be taking this course PDF, it is great that all of the lecture powerpoints are online. Also, labs are very reasonable and more interesting than you might expect.

Great course for an introduction to the discipline. I had no science background and really enjoyed this. Do not be put off by the lab. Tests are fairly difficult, but by no means impossible. Make sure to attend all lectures.

I strongly recommend this course. It's great for students who do not want to be a science major but are interested in learning about biology. It's also a great way to fulfill a lab requirement.

For any students who wish to take this course I would recommend wanting to actually learn about this material, doing outside reading and keeping up with the material ahead of time.

Try to go to lecture as much as you can, they're always really interesting although if you don't, the lecture slides usually cover most of the relevant things you need to know.

The professors are extremely enthusiastic and dedicated to giving non science majors a good science experience. Definitely take if you want something not too difficult.

It's a fun course taught by great professors if you are into molecular biology. The 80 minute lectures are kind of tiring though. Lab reports are easy and labs are fun.

TAKE THIS COURSE If you want a good ST that's not too fluffy but not too hard, this is the course for you. The professors, TAs, and labs are all fantastic.

The lectures are a little slow and while you will learn the material you will need to find the good preceptor to go to her reviews before the exams.

Take this class. It's interesting, the material is highly applicable to daily life and the professors make an effort to keep you on your toes.

Really good/fairly easy ST Lectures are also pretty interesting, the lecturers know their audience is mostly humanities/social sciences...

I strongly recommend this class to students who are interested in biology, even if they don't consider themselves "science people."

Make sure to go to every single lecture, to go to office hours for lab, and to go to the review sessions.

take this class! A great, interesting ST with amazing professors. This is why Princeton is so incredible.

If you need a second ST or are interested in the subject, but aren't in the hard sciences, take it

A very good course for non-science people who still want to know a few things about the subject.

Great class for people who need to fulfill an ST requirement. The material is very interesting.

It's a good overview of important concepts, but somewhat like high school bio.

Take it! I learned alot of useful info, and all of the profs are excellent.

This course is an insight into science without being steeped in figures.

It's a good class for non-science majors to fulfill a lab requirement.

If you're looking for a more relaxed ST, this is the way to go.

Take it if you've never done bio before, it will explain a lot

make sure you review frequently and go to office hours.

take this as a really interesting and relevant ST

This class is OK. Maybe you want to PDF it.

It's not easy, but still very worth it.

Take it, but study the lecture slides!

Go to lecturer, don't skip it!

Take it, you won't regret it.

A good way to finish up ST

Best class at Princeton.

Great choice for a lab

good ST req class

Go to lecture.

Take it!

ENJOY!
