This course is very reading- and writing-intensive, but the writing is really helpful to understand the reading. The amount of information covered is vast, but you learn a lot about old and current research being done in the area of Networks. I would also say tell the student to make sure to allot enough time to work on the final project.

The material itself is useful and well taught. Great introduction to systems research. Be careful when picking a project team. 50% of the grade is dependent on the project, and it's good if you know you can work well with the people in the team.

Freedman is a great teacher. He's very sharp and will get you thinking about the deeper issues. Definitely take 461 before this class, though, unless you have a background in networks.

Make sure you choose a final project that you are truly interested in, because the bar of expectation is pretty high (which is understandable given the level of the course).

This is probably the lightest and definitely an enjoyable seminar course, you must consider it even if you are not a systems person.

If you want to learn more about networks or have to satisfy the systems requirement take this class!

It's a good course to know the state-of-the-art of networking research.

Take this if you want to learn the current state of networks research.

If you are interested in networks, it'd be a good follow-up to 461.

If you are interested in networking research - take it.

You better took COS461 before this.

Take it and enjoy it.

It is worth taking.

Learn how to read papers quickly and effectively since there are usually four papers a week, most of which contain interesting ideas and concepts. Also, reading the slides prior to lecture is useful to get an idea of what the class will be on, and help you prepare for the discussions.

I highly recommend this course. Jen is a great teacher and researcher and she is incredibly well-respected in the networking community. If you have any interest in networking, then you will gain much from Jen and this course.

Undergraduates: If you've taken 461 and are interested in seeing more of networks, go for it. It's a good in-depth survey of many topics in the area and a strong introduction to research in the field.

If you are interested in computer networking research, or you want to gain a big view of what is going on in the community, 561 is a good choice.

definitely have some background on networks. (COS461) Doing all the reading takes a lot of time so be prepared

Take something else but sit in on the lectures for your own personal benefit.

Pursue the art of reading and understanding research papers in short times.

I would advise them to take it.

Definitely take this course. Even if you are not interested in the area of computer networks. If there is one course you want to ever take in computer networks. Take this one. It is the most basic and the most comprehensive. It will serve as a good introduction and will prepare you to take further courses.

Set aside enough time at the end of the semester to work on the final project. Start early if you can. Having some background in networking is essential. Otherwise the material will probably be a bit too fast and furious to keep up.

Read the papers thoroughly before class and discuss things you're curious about.

If you're interested in computer networks research, this is the class to take.

Take this if you're interested in networks.

This is definitely an advanced class
