This is the whole class: Cauchy momentum equations (vector): ρ (Dv/Dt) = - ∇ p ∇ ? T fb continuity equation (scalar): (∂ ρ / ∂ t) ∇ ? (ρ u) = 0 Try to relate everything to this.

İf you are interested and enthusiastic about Fluid Mechanics, this is a great course to take. Be aware of the lenghty but helpful homeworks.

This class is a lot of work. Don't sign up for other classes that you anticipate will be difficult in the same semester as you take this class.

The course is challenging but very enriching and interesting. I would definitely recommend it and the professor teaching it is very good.

This course is a lot of work. Be prepared. Do some background reading about similarity solutions early. This will make life easier.

This course requires a lot of time and attention, but if you are able to give both, you will learn a lot about fluid dynamics.

Be prepared to spend a vast amount of time on this class. If you pay attention and read the course notes it is doable.

Try to read the notes before lecture, watch the fluid mechanics videos, and get started on the homework early.

Take this course if you are interested in the subject matter. The professor is very knowledgeable.

Need a great deal of mathematical knowledge. Strong fundamentals in fluid mechanics is required.

It is definitely a must-take course, especially if taught by Professor Stone.

You won't find a more rigorous or thorough one-semester fluids class.

Make sure to spend enough time on the problem sets.

Definitely take it with Howard Stone if possible.

Actually watch the movies he suggests watching.

Don't miss class, the lectures are very useful.

Be prepared to put in a lot of time.

Big time commitment.

While the Professor for the course does present the subject matter in a more intellectually accessible manner than most other professors or even textbooks do, he conducts his lectures at an exceedingly rapid pace that often leaves students with an incomplete understanding of the subject matter as they rush to copy his lecture notes or complete an endless cycle of problem sets. He is also not very flexible in shifting the due dates for homework sets even if he has not yet covered the material needed on the homework in class.

I would strongly recommend anyone who has interests in fluid mechanics to take this course. It is taught by one of the leaders in the field, Professor Stone, and it provides you with a deep understanding for the key concepts in fluids. One note is that the course has a substantial amount of workload.

Read his posted notes ahead of time, if possible. Then you might be able to mentally keep up in class. Otherwise, there is no time for learning in lecture. Bring a comfortable pen!

Great introductory fluid mechanics class. Really gets into the fundamentals and the reasoning behind the equations of motion and certain assumptions made when analyzing flows.

This course is great and you will learn a lot! The problem sets are pretty reasonable and they will challenge you but not to the point of pulling your hair out.

The course is as challenging as it is fast. The course simultaneously develops rigorous math skills and physical intuition, which I find helpful.

I strongly recommend other students to take this class. He or she can learn a lot about viscous flow and boundary layer.

Class is a lot of work but concepts are presented in an engaging, organized and logical way. Class is fast-paced.

I would highly recommend this course for any students seeking a graduate-level course in fluid mechanics.

High-quality fluids course. The material was more interesting than it had a right to be!

It is a course highly recommended and I think everyone will find it interesting.

If you are interested in fluid mechanics, do not hesitate to take this course.

You should definitely choose it if you want to learn fluid mechanics!

It's a course that you never regret to take.

It is definitely a good course.

the course is a bit math heavy, but it's still really worth taking the course.

Course is a decent amount of work, but it is absolutely worth taking.

Take the course, you will have an excellent teacher to learn from!

Course gives a very thorough explanation of fluid mechanics

very fundamental course in fluids, no need for a backround,

If you get behind on the homeworks, you will not catch up.

Set aside a lot of time for the homework.

Long homework sets and hard final exam.

Certainly worth it

Large workload.

N/A
