This class is generally well-liked because it covers so much interesting material. In this instance we had that same material, but the opportunity to discuss it personally in a seminar setting with a man of Professor Revere's experience. If in a seminar, take it without a doubt. Even in a larger lecture I think it would still be worth it though.

A great review of the history and current conditions in East Asia, which is probably the most important region in terms of geopolitics today. Prof. Revere is about as good an authority as you can find on policymaking and strategy in the region.

TAKE THIS COURSE OMG! Anything taught by this guy in the spring is sure to be phenomenal, and he's only here for a limited time so definitely jump on the opportunity. He is a fantastic professor!

Just a heads up: this is really a course on American Foreign Policy on East Asia, not the foreign policy of east asian countries.

Very helpful to have knowledge of East Asia region history and to be interested in current events with regard to the region.

This class is hard, but very worthwhile. Take any chance you have to work with Evans Revere, he is brilliant.

Outstanding. If you take this course, you will learn everything you'll ever need to know (as a non-specialist) about the foreign relations of East Asia. The readings are excellent, the lectures are phenomenal, and the precepts (with Oriana Mastro) are outstanding. One warning: it is graded very rigorously. But that is appropriate for a course of this caliber.

It is a very typical WWS class so I hear mainly because of the other students who make up the class. They are unnecessarily intimidating and actually bothersome at times. Otherwise the topic is extremely interesting and the readings were thoughtful and useful.

Do all of the readings. If you don't speak an East Asian language, or haven't spent a significant amount of time (i.e. a summer or more) in Asia, this may not be the right class for you. This isn't really a traditional IR class.

Can't expect a better professor to lecture on a better topic. Although I have not taken Professor Christensen's China's Foreign Relations course, this was definitely one of my favorite courses so far at Princeton.

I highly recommend this class to other students, even if you are not that interested in East Asia. My only caveat would be that it is a lot of work, so make sure you are prepared for that.

This is not a course to miss! Christensen is a superb lecturer and cares a lot about students. The readings and lectures provide essential background and perspectives on the region.

Be ready to read and please do not take this if you are not willing to put the time and effort in. If you are, this will be one of the best courses you will take at the WWS.

Work hard! Do not slack off. Be prepared to let this class be your most difficult one this semester if you have no background in International Relations or East Asia.

Even if you are not planning on majoring in Asian studies, any student interested in international relations and history should consider taking this course.

Incredibly interesting material taught by an amazing professor. Tough but very worthwhile if you're interested in international affairs.

It's alright and it's nice that it's in three departments. Probably one of the better classes on East Asia. It's not easy though.

Study hard! And be prepared to type/write fast when taking notes in lecture (there's no power point, so stay alert).

I definitely recommend this course if you want to spend a lot of time on it.

Absolutely, without reservation. It was a really great class.

Recommended for all students with general area interest.

take it, even if you dont like china or asia.

Take it!
