Take this course, especially if you have had Professor Barry in the past and liked his style. His lectures are very, very interesting and you won't do too much work. Just make sure to put the necessary time into the papers, as they are all you are being graded on.

Barry is the man. This class is awesome. One of Princeton's best and most honestly devoted to undergraduate education. Great 5th class. Don't buy the pequods; they're useless. Just do the readings and write your papers. Get out ahead of the papers.

You don't need to do all the readings. Go to lectures and try to pay attention to as much as possible and then go to the library and check out the books you actually need (unless you want to pay the hundreds of dollars to buy all the books and Pequods)

Try to pay attention as much as possible. You will do fine if you miss a lecture or 2 but you will be missing info that helps you so for every lecture you miss or don't pay attention, you will have to be that much more engaged in the reading.

This is an extremely interesting course and if you are genuinely interested in the area, you will be able to appreciate how nuanced everything we learn is. Either way, you will enjoy this class, it is awesome!

Take it if you are interested in history, or Spanish, or religion. Take it if you are looking for a good course for HA, especially if you plan to PDF it. I cannot recommend more.

Take this if you are interested in the material and do not want a lot of work. Its fun, but remember that the only thing you will get out of it is from lecture, so pay attention.

It's a barry course. Take this class, do the readings that interest you. Listen to Barry's genius during lecture. Take some time when writing your papers and it will pay off.

Profesor Barry is an amazing lecturer and is always happy to stay after and discuss aspects of the course with you. He loves teaching, and he is very accessible.

The readings are interesting, though you shouldn't get caught up in the details. Lectures are interesting and will help with your papers.

Professor Barry is very approachable and you should see him outside of class because he is very interesting!

Regardless of your interest in the course topic, take Spanish Islam.

Enjoy it, Barry is an amazing lecturer with first hand experience.

Easy grade, go for it. Professor Barry is a cool guy.

Not a heavy load but very interesting. Take it!

lectures are too long. it would be better

Take it, it's not too difficult.

stay on top of reading

Absolutely must take.

Start readings early.

If you need structure, don't take this class. There's no syllabus, no real weekly reading assignments (although you should start the books at your own pace). While that's an anomaly at Princeton, I found it incredibly refreshing. He teaches very organically and before you know it, you end up knowing the whole history of Spanish Islam and actually loving it. If you're short on cash, buy the Pequod with the timeline for class and wait until you pick an essay topic to see which other books to buy. I found that I only needed LP Harvey's first book to write my essay and so I didn't really need to spend money on the other 4. This class is great. It's not very work intensive but you do learn a lot and Professor Barry cares first and foremost that you understand the concept more so than grades. He's one of the supreme scholars in this field and he takes you on a free fieldtrip to the Met where he curates an exhibit. It's a really rare opportunity to have the Met to yourself (it's closed to other visitors) with a guided tour from the director of the exhibit himself. Anyway, go for it, especially if you want to fulfill a history requirement but don't really have a big interest in history. This is interesting.

Go to one lecture. You'll either be highly entertained or decide it is not for you. The workload is quite low, and Barry puts on an impressive show- if you enjoy it, it can be a fun way to learn and get a pretty decent grade.

Everyone needs to take a class with Professor Barry before graduating. He is simply incredible and will floor you with his massive knowledge even if it is not your favorite topic.

Take this course! Michael Barry is an excellent professor, and this may be one of the best courses you will take in your Princeton career. You will not regret it.

be prepared to be engaged with serious art and literary history as well as a confrontation of your own opinions on much of spanish history.

Only self-motivators should take this class. It's a nice break from other courses to just sit and listen to a really smart professor!

I would certainly recommend this class to anyone with an interest in the history of the Iberian Peninsula.

Take the course if you want a good HA and an understanding of the origins of modern spain.

Go to as many lectures as you can! Prof. Barry brings history to life.

it's not so stimulating, so be very interested in the subject

Great class, Barry is what a college professor should be

Definitely take it, if just for the experience.

Start the book for the midterm early!

Take a class under Barry!

Very interesting course.

DO IT. DO IT NOW!

DO IT

This course is not that much work, and you learn a lot because it's Michael Barry. He doesn't really believe in a syllabus or a schedule, but he is amazing and full of knowledge that he imparts at every lecture. It's a great class to take.

You don't actually need to go to all the lectures and it will be tempting not to, but go to as much as you can and talk to Professor Barry a lot to get the most out of it. You'll need to be more engaged individually to make the most of it.

If you have any tangential interest in Middle Eastern or Spanish/Latin culture or history take this class. You will learn fundamental things that will influence your understanding of all you know in the field.

I would advise students to take this course especially if they are interested in listening to a very knowledgable professor impart his knowledge unto students in an unconventional, yet informative manner.

I would not recommend this course unless someone was very interested in the material and was the type of student who did not need to be held accountable for the readings and would still do the readings.

I would reccommend this course to students who would are interested in the topic. I was not very interested in the topic, and think i could have learned more if I was more interested!

I would strongly recommend this course to people interested in the subject matter. However, I do not believe the class is for everyone because of the specificity of the subject matter.

Take it. As a senior, I'm telling you, take as many Michael Barry courses as you can because you will learn more in his courses than in any course that you will take at Princeton.

Definitely take this if you are into history or not because there is something for everyone in it and it is a class where you take control of your learning which is awesome.

Professor Barry does not assign weekly readings, but recommends at lectures what readings to do, and it helps understand the lectures better if you do those readings.

Professor Barry is an excellent lecturer and his experience with the study of Spanish Islam makes learning the subject and researching much more simple.

take the class to be exposed to Professor Barry's genius, but do not expect to leave the course with an orderly knowledge of the subject material.

Michael Barry is a great academic who can communicate his passion for the subject to anyone. It's a must take.

Great class and worth just auditing or sitting in on the lectures if you don't have room in your schedule

Covers an important part of world history that is not very well-known or understood among the public.

Excellent course for someone who wants an introduction to this part of medieval history.

You'd be lacking in your Princeton career if you fail to take a class with Prof Barry.

Michael Barry is a great Professor, I'd highly recommend taking a course with him!

take any and all courses offered by this professor. you will not regret it.

Take it- if only for the lectures. Expect to do long papers

Cannot recommend it highly enough. Take this course!

you'd be an idiot not to take his course.

Absolutely take it!

Take this course!

Take it!

take it
