Copying and pasting my comments from above. In summary, though, take it!! I originally chose this course because I needed to fulfill a requirement for my AAS certificate. However, I stayed in the course because Imani Perry was such a good professor. Professor Perry is an engaged lecturer- I love how she speaks to students during lecture and really tries to make it feel like an intimate seminar. She was adept at integrating different aspects of African American culture into her lectures--- she synthesized our readings for the course and also integrated them with outside stories. She was dynamic and played music in class, films, and discussed folk lore. Because of her, I learned a lot about the history of the African American experience post slavery. I learned so much and left every precept feeling inspired. Professor Perry was really helpful: she provided feedback on drafts of our final papers and was very encouraging. She was mindful to not only discuss the content expected in each paper but also the aspects of writing an argument or a clearly outlined paper. I don't know that I've ever had another professor (outside of writing seminar) who spoke in lecture about how to write a good argument and how to write a paper of that length. I really appreciated that. Professor Perry's precept was one of the most enlightening precepts I have ever encountered-- the entire class was thoughtful and considerate. Everyone was engaged. Professor Perry creates an environment where you can feel comfortable to talk about difficult issues. She broadened my understanding of African American culture, but more important than that, she inspired us to have thoughtful conversations about issues of equality. The topics discussed in precept transcended the themes on the syllabus- we discussed music, culture, and even gay marriage. Professor Perry really inspired me and created a community. Outside of the classroom, the students would talk about the issues as we left class. I've never felt so connected to the students in my precept. I really appreciated her teaching. She was extremely responsive to students. The readings were fascinating. I didn't always get time to read them all, but I really enjoyed them when I did read them.

I know we don't have any choice in who our preceptors are, but if you're shy or timid in any way, or fear authoritative figures, try to take a course in which there is either at least one female preceptor or someone who is a little more (sensitive?). NB: I don't mean lax or lackadaisical; strictness is still important. But, I would have preferred it in a more gentle manner. I strongly recommend the course as a whole if you are an AAS certificate.

The class does have a lot of reading, but unless the nature of the assignments changes, not all the reading is necessary. It would be wise to give at least a cursory glance at each text, for precept discussions and also because the readings chosen are interesting material. If you enjoy reading and discussions, this is a great class.

If the course stays the way it is now, be sure to read as many of the books as you can before the lecture on it, even if you can only read a chapter or two. The lecture style is very interactive, and so the class flows a lot better if you come prepared with a question or two about the concepts presented in the readings.

Individual components of the course are really interesting, but it's really too broad of a subject to cover well in one semester. Don't go into it feeling like you'll get a thorough overview of AAS, and if you don't already have some background knowledge, it will probably be disjointed and confusing at times.

Take the course. Professor Perry is very insightful and clear. She may seem a bit disengaged in precept, or unprepared, but she really knows her stuff. Don't let the precepts turn into q&a sessions. They should really be more interactive than that.

I mean if you're getting the certificate, you've gotta do it, but it's worth it. And Professor Perry is awesome. Also a really good course if you want to take an overview class on African American literature.

Even if you can't finish the books in time for the lectures, make sure to read them eventually because they're all really important works in multiple disciplines, like English and the social sciences.

Take this course, especially if Dr. Perry is teaching it. If you like interdisciplinary things, intersectional things, or studies of "culture," take this course. You will not regret it.

Not a bad intro course. Obviously, it'd be cool if it were still taught by Cornel West but they tried to make it work so I commend them.

Take it if you're wiling to do all the readings, but be weary it is not a light reading load.

You need this for the certificate. Try to get in Imani's precept - that's probably better.

Come engaged. come ready to be angry with some scholars and commiserate with others

The lectures are very interesting and I would definitely recommend that people go.

I would definitely take this course--with Imani Perry as the professor

Take this class. It's interesting. Imani Perry is fantastic.

Eh. It's easy. You might as well take it.

Do the readings! They're enlightening!

DO the readings and have an open mind

Take it with someone else.

Do the readings

Take it.

Take the course! Eddie Glaude is an animated and brilliant lecturer, and the course material is relevant to anyone interested in the historical struggles for citizenship and all of its implications within the United States.

Make sure that you chose topics that truly fascinated you throughout the duration of the course to write about for the midterm and final.

Take the course with Professor Eddie Glaude!! I think its a course that all students, especially non-African Americans should take.

Definitely take it! Its extremely interesting. Also, a 5 page midterm and an 8 page final is not a bad course load!

I think the content of this course is important for all people in the US and would recommend it to other students.

A lot of reading, but I highly recommend this course if you are interested at all in African American Studies

Take this course if you're interested in getting a good introduction to African American studies.

This is a great foundation for the certificate program. Take any class that Eddie Glaude teaches!

Take course if interested in learning the foundation of African American studies.

Really interesting class. Makes your highshcool's teaching of AAS seem trivial.

Eddie Glaude is a great professor, I would take the course just for him.

I loved this class. Do as much of the reading as popular, it's worth it.

Great class! Best I've had at Princeton!

Take it. Do the readings.

Go to the lectures.

Take this class!!!

Take this class!

Take it.

I would definitely recommend taking this course, it is not particularly difficult and provides a very good overview of an interesting topic that is extremely relevant even in modern America. That said, because of the breadth of the subject don't expect too much depth and expect that certain topics will be glossed over more than you would like

I would encourage anyone I know to take this course. I would advise perspective students to be open-minded and to really soak in Professor West's lectures, as they include gems of knowledge and insight that one can use in everyday life, outside of the classroom. I would say that you will get just as much as you put into this course.

If you are interested in hearing Cornel West share what goes on in his mind twice a week for 50 minutes, then go for it. I think it is worth it just for his lectures. There is a lot of reading, but not a lot of writing. It's pretty easy to do well if you do as much of the reading assignments as possible.

Do the readings, engage the readings, write your papers on topics that truly inspire you, and you will gain a lot from taking the class. Professor West is perhaps the kindest, most down-to-earth professor in existence, so do not be intimidated by his status as a genius and Princeton icon.

If you're not ready to look within yourself as an American, African-American, or a human being, then the course will fail you. You may not fail the course, but it will be of no spiritual use to you. You must be prepared for some legitimate introspection, especially if you're black.

Everyone should take a course with Dr. West at some point. While his lectures tend to venture more into the side of aesthetics and pathos, he still says a lot of interesting and insightful things, and no one really teaches like him.

It's definitely possible to do well in this class without doing the readings or really paying attention. However, the class is so much more rewarding and interesting if you do the work. I strongly recommend this class to everyone.

I would advice students to constantly dialogue about the material before completing written and oral assignments in order to truly benefit from the depth of the topics covered in the course and really make the course applicable.

if you dont feel like going to lecture, its not necessary. I couldn't understand most of what Professor West was saying and he often went off subject, but he does have a way of teaching different than any professor ive had

You do not need to do all of the readings to do well in this course. If you want a very unique experience that is unlike any other lecture you have ever sat through, try out this class!

This course is a must-take for anyone interested in the foundations of African-American literature and the profound influence of the written word on the history of an oppressed people.

Take this class! It's fantastic! Make sure to do all the readings though - it is a lot of reading, but it is very important to fully understanding/getting the most out of the course.

If you are very, very interested in the subject matter, it's a great class to take. If you are taking it for the professor, consider sitting in on a class or two instead.

This is course that is essential if the student would like to learn Black Studies. I think that taking the course when Professor West is teaching is obviously a plus.

I definitely recommend this course to everyone. It should be one of those courses that everyone takes at some point in their undergraduate career.

You will most likely feel a little lost at times, but it is all worth it because Professor West is an excellent lecturer and will make you think.

Other students should take this course if they are interested in history, politics, sociology, or philosophy. It is a very broad course.

I would strongly consider taking this course, it only comes around once in every two years and when it does, it shouldnt be passed up.

TAKE THIS CLASS! Everyone needs to be exposed to Cornel West, but the class entails more than just that: it is truly magnificent.

A good class to take to learn about the basics of African American studies. Manageable workload, but a lot of reading!

i don't know if i'd recommend it to anyone. it wasn't relevant to my major and i didn't actually end up needing an SA.

I think everyone should take this course as everyone takes a different lesson from the course readings and papers.

Take this course - it's not just about Black people, it's about being human, the lessons learned apply to everyone

Class is not too difficult, Prof. West is amazing and you'll get a good grasp of African American studies.

Excellent lectures. Do the readings, as the midterm/final questions will be derived from the major ones.

Take it. Once in a lifetime opportunity, It's not too dificult, you're guaranteed to learn from it.

Aside from precept, I would definitely recommend taking this course...Professor West is amazing.

Without a doubt one of the best course at Princeton. Professor Cornel West is brilliant.

Keep up on the reading. Attend all lectures and precepts because they definitely matter.

I would recommend taking A course with Professor West, just not necessarily this one.

Take it, and read A Raisin in the Sun. I can't believe I hadn't read that play yet.

But avoid the preceptor I got if you want to have substantive precept discussions.

If you're interested in taking a class by Prof. West, you should take the course.

If you are interested in the course material take it, don't take it for Cornel.

Skim the readings, but make sure you write about a topic that interests you

I'd recommend taking this course, but only if Cornel West is teaching it.

Meet with your preceptor about the papers to make sure you're on track.

Take this class because learning from Dr. West is a great opportunity.

If you are interested in the topic, the readings are worth taking it.

This is a pretty good class, just don't expect it to be mind-blowing.

Go to every lecture because lecture is what really makes the course.

Make sure you are comfortable with Prof. West's style of lecturing.

Everyone should take this class during their time at Princeton.

IF DR. WEST IS TEACHING THIS COURSE, DON'T HESITATE. TAKE IT!!!

Class is interesting. You get out of it what you put into it.

Everyone should take it. It should be a general requirement.

take the papers seriously because they are your only grade

Read, pay attention in precept, ask for guidance on papers.

Make sure to do the readings and speak up during precepts.

Try to keep up on the reading and work on your papers!

Take it with Dr. West, and try to get in his precept!

It's worthwhile to take a class with Professor West.

I would very strongly recommend taking this class.

Make sure you read! The material is interesting!

Very easy class to PDF, with just a two papers.

I would recommend this class and program 100%.

Take it if you can keep up with his lecturing.

I would recommend other to take the course.

If you have any interest in AAS, take this.

I strongly recommend this course as an SA.

Take it seriously. At least be interested.

Take this class. You will not regret it.

take it, interesting, very little work.

Try not to get sorted into her precept

Of course! Everyone should take it!

Get down and boogie with Dr. West.

take the course! it's amazing

Take the course. No question.

Try to stay awake in precept.

Take it with Professor West!

It's a great 5th class.

It was interesting

Take this course.

Great Course

a must take

take it!!!

Take it!

Take it.

You should go to lectures, but you really don't have to. It's a pretty great class, and not impossible, by any stretch. I think every Princeton shouldn't should have to take an AAS class.

Its a decent class. Readings are usually manageable, but there are times when the work load is so much that there's no way its going to get done. Lectures aren't too helpful.

PDF this class if you hope to enjoy your introductory experience to some of the greatest text in the African American literary tradition.

This is one of the classes that should be taken by EVERY Princeton student before graduation. TAKE THIS CLASS!!!

I gotta admit, without Cornel West this course seemed to be pretty average. So just take it when he teaches it.

Yes they should take this course. whtehr they are seeking a certificate or not.

It's a very interesting course and an issue that we in America hate to discuss.

You will learn a lot, but this course is really time-consuming.

i would tell them to, and not to wait for a specific professor

Take it if you have the slightest glimmer of interest in AAS.

Get Kevin Wolfe as your preceptor.

Take this course

Don't take it

Go for it!

take it

There were probably only one or two lectures that I didn't love. For the most part though, lectures were AMAZING. I could listen to Dr. West drop knowledge for days. I was fortunate enough to get into his precept, which was an AMAZING experience. There was a lot of reading, but you didn't need to do all of it to get by. The only cautionary note I'll give is beware of what preceptors you get. I heard about an english preceptor who assigned a ton of work: writing assignments outside of class in addition to formal presentations. So ask around about who the best preceptors are (besides Cornel West of course).

1) Make sure you understand what your preceptor requires of you and how he/she will be determining your grade, because while your papers all depend on you and your understanding of the material, precept is up to your precept instructor, so knowing what they want is key to getting the grade you desire. 2) Try to keep on top of the readings because things pile up quickly and you won't want to fall behind. 3) If you're even the slightest bit interested in the material, TAKE THIS COURSE! You will not be disappointed.

Some of the readings really can be skimmed...you don't have to read all 500 pages a week, especially because sometimes 500 pages are assigned even though it's not supposed to be more than 200. Also, pray that you get into Prof. West's precepts. Also, engage with your preceptor outside of class one-on-one...you learn a lot more from your preceptor in this setting than you do in class.

It's an okay course. However, your grade depends on which preceptor you get, which is representative of all precept-driven courses you take here. Professor West was pretty interesting and so were many of the discussions, but be prepared to talk in class, and go to your preceptor about your paper ideas before you hand it in.

If you are simply looking to take a class by Professor West or see him in lecture, you can just come to his lectures. You do not need to be takin the class to see him speak. If you are interested in the subject matter than take the class however, if not, you will not feel engaged regularly.

Professor West's lectures are entertaining at best and repetitive at worst. There is too much reading but, depending upon your preceptor, you may not be held responsible for any of it. Papers at the midterm and end of the course round out this "Introduction to African American Studies."

I recommend this class, it's pretty laid back but spend a LOT of time on the papers because that will either make or break your grade. also go to your preceptor's office hours and definitely try to make it to West's office hours as well (although they fill up really fast).

Cornel West is a character. Even if you cant really understand what is going on, it's nice to listen to. The precepts are mildly painful if you haven't done all the reading or do not have a lot of experience with english classes/close reading/literary analysis.

The course seemed pretty easy, and was decently interesting. It's definitely worth considering- Cornel West is a great lecturer. If you're looking for a course where you'll be pushed to the limit intellectually, though, it might not be the best choice.

For papers, choose your own topic. The topics provided by the preceptors were dry and often uninteresting. If you choose your own topic, you have more original thought invested in it, and are thus more likely to be passionate about your writing.

Don't be fooled by the hype surrounding Cornel West. If you want an easy class, go ahead and take it, but don't expect intellectual enrichment in lecture--you'd have to get lucky and get Adrienne as a preceptor to get that out of the course.

CORNEL WEST. ENOUGH SAID. This class opened my eyes to the entire concept of paideia and what education could truly be. I feel like my Princeton career could not have been complete without it. Don't pass up this opportunity.

If you have a vague interest in hearing Cornel West talk, do what I did: sign up for it P/D/F, go to some of the lectures and precepts, write your papers in two hours each, and blow it off otherwise. Easy SA.

Always go to lectures, not only because they're interesting, but also because Professor West does a great job of explaining reading material and provides you with a lot of the information you need for papers.

Take it if you like the professor or the subject matter. Irrespective of preceptor assignment, this is a great class and should certainly be taken here at Princeton- it makes you search deep within yourself.

The interesting lectures made up for boring precepts. The class is less about facts and history than about thinking in new ways about identity, so if you just like to memorize, this is not the class for you.

Try and keep up with the readings, if you don't keep up with them precept will be useless and writing papers will be really difficult. Also, don't skip lecture, it's so entertaining and interesting!

You dont technically have to do the readings if you have something to say in Precept. For the papers, you will just have to read a couple of them but you can do that after you get the assignment.

This course was not very difficult if you kept up with the readings in general and attended most of the lectures. I enjoyed hearing Prof. West and I enjoyed the narrative readings in particular.

I would advise taking this course. The ideas brought up in this class are thought provoking and can be applied anyone not just African Americans or those majoring in African American studies.

Just try to enjoy it. Do as much of the readings as you can, and go to lecture at least most of the time. If you have to pick and choose, do the ones you think are interesting and important.

Go in with an open mind. Don't look at the professor as some sort of unaccessible demi-god, but rather a fount of knowledge from which we sip and quench our thirst for learning.

Take it! It was certainly a good experience and overview of topics in African American Studies. The readings and precepts were interesting and the lectures were entertaining.

If you take this course be ready to do a lot of reading; however don't let this intimidate you because all of the readings are intriguing and the lectures are very engaging.

The course is worth taking for interest. One can focus on the subjects of choice without being penalized for being less engaged with those subjects of less interest.

I would say to take it as a 5th course unless you have 3 very challenging other classes or if you are very involved in the topic. I would certainly recommend it.

take the course if only for the lectures; if you do not do the reading, you will still be engaged, but you will not get as much factual learning out of the class.

Take it for Prof. West! Try to keep up with some of the readings. Go to your preceptor and ask for what he's looking for in a papeer before you write itt.

This course is well worth taking. It is a lot more lax than many course at Princeton because much of the information presented seems almost intuitive.

It is not neccessary to do all of the readings. Just do the ones that interest you and use those to write your papers. Also go to every lecture.

Take it to enjoy the lectures, and understand that it will have a light workload but nevertheless will involve intellectually challenging ideas.

This is an incredible course that touches so many different aspects of the African American evolution from early slavery to modern day times.

This course isn't huge amounts of work and the lectures are amazing. If you have any interest in the social sciences, it is worth taking.

You need to do the readings so that the class will be engaging. Otherwise, it is easy to float through without getting much out of it.

Take it if you don't want a big workload during the semester, but don't automatically expect an A unless you work hard on the papers.

Definitely one of the best courses you will take here at Princeton; excellent introduction to what academics here aspire to be like.

If you want to have a very profound, stimulating and intellectually expanding experience, this course could be faily dissapointing.

It's a good class for a pdf. Taking it for a grade would probably be frustrating because the grading of the essays is so arbitrary.

I would advise them to do all the readings because it really helps out when trying to write papers or participate in precept

The course is fascinating, and you determine how much you get out of the class. (What you put in is what you will get out.)

Do the readings as much as possible to get as much benefit as you can out of the course, because it is extremely rich.

If Cornel West is the professor, it's a must. If he is not, it still is a good class because of its subject topics.

It is easy to fall behind on readings so try to keep up with them because there is a significant amount of reading.

The course is almost completely pointless. It's a travesty that Cornel West is allowed to teach at this university.

I would not recommend this course. I would tell them to PDF it because working hard in it is not very fulfilling.

Take it but be prepared to set aside time for the readings as they are vital to the course and can be lengthy.

It is not necessarily a difficult class if you do the reading and participate. It is also rather interesting.

If you are taking the course for Professor West, just attend a few of his lectures, do not take the course.

Take this course, it is very engaging. However, be ready to do a lot of reading. It is worth it though.

Absolutely take this if you are into not that much work but a lot of great discussions and material.

Make sure you understand Professor West's style, and have a good grasp of your own learning style.

Take it!It is one of the less difficult classes at Princeton and one of the more interesting ones.

Go for it. They didn't seem to grade too hard on the midterm paper, and hopefully not the final.

I would say that it's boring and confusing. Hard to honestly say that I really learned anything.

Do the readings! They are not bad at all and it will make lecture and precept so much better

Take it if you have any interest in what it means to be human, modern, or a problem people.

Do not take it if they expect intellectual stimulation, for this class does not deliver it.

This class is fun, but you might not get a lot out of it from an intellectual perspective.

It's a moderately easy course with little work, but it does get very repetitive at times.

Prof. West is a great lecturer and I strongly recommend scheduling office hours meetings.

Try to keep up with your reading as much as possible and participate during precept

It's not a very difficult class. Being in Professor West's precept helped a lot!

There was a lot of reading and some of it was shortened throughout the semester.

Definitely take it. Cornel West is a great professor, and you will learn a lot.

DO NOT TAKE THIS CLASS JUST BECAUSE YOU WANT TO TAKE A CLASS WITH CORNEL WEST

Try to do the all the readings because thats what the papers are all about.

Take a course from Prof. West at some point during your time at Princeton.

Everyone should take a class with Cornel West in their time at Princeton.

Do all of the readings so that you will be prepared to write the papers.

Actually come to lecture consistently because it is certainly worth it.

You don't need to do much of the reading in order to get a good grade.

Lectures are interesting, you can do absolutely no work if you p/d/f.

Enjoy! These are the most entertaining lectures I have ever attended!

If you have a lot of time to do extra reading then take this course.

Do all of the reading--- the class is much more rewarding if you do.

I would say to appropriate enough time each week for the readings.

Be prepared for a lot of reading, but it is an interesting topic.

good lectures, low-maintenance precepts (unless you get soyna)

Go to lectures because they are the best part of the course.

Everyone should take this class. Its great. Go to lectures!

Don't try to kill yourself by reading everything assigned.

It is a good, fairly easy course to take. Great lecturer!

Make sure you get a good preceptor, or you will suffer/

Recommend for sure...one of Princeton's great courses.

If you get a great preceptor, this class is a winner!

The course is fun, but requires thought and hard work

try to get cornel as your preceptor, do the readings

Great course!!! I strongly, strongly recommend it.

You need to see Cornell West teach at least once

Be prepared to buy and absorb A LOT of reading!!

Don't buy into the hype. Don't take the course.

Break up the readings. Don't expect greatness.

Don't take it just because "it's Cornel West".

Take this if you want a good Social analysis.

Find a preceptor other students have praised.

I would recommend that they take this class.

You get out of this class what you put in.

if they have some interest in the subject

Take the course and don't miss a lecture.

Professor West is an excellent lecturer.

I would advise them to take this class.

if your interested, definitely take it

i would advise him to take this course

Don't stress yourself out, enjoy it.

prepare in advance for both papers.

Take if you know you are interested

take it if you like to read a lot.

I strongly recommend this course.

This course is not to be missed.

I would probably recommend it.

go to lecture, do the reading.

worth it for professor west

get to know professor West

Go to all of the lectures!

Go to lectures. It's fun!

Very interesting course!

Work hard on the papers!

You may be disappointed.

You should also take it.

Cornel West is awesome.

I would recommend it.

They should take it.

Take it, it is fun.

Definitely take it!

Take this course.

Take this course

Attend precepts.

Do the reading.

switch schools

Go to lecture.

Sit up front!

Great course!

Great Course

Take it!

Take it.

take it

Easy!
