Definitely a fantastic task force. Now, to be perfectly clear, the other task forces may also be great; maybe it's the idea that's good, but I think professor Meunier has her own way of doing things that makes much more sense than the other groups. She's an awesome professor and a cool person to get to know.

I think you'll have to take it if you're in Oxford for WWS. It's not the best course you'll ever take but I wouldn't worry about it. It can be as interesting as you want it to be. The workload isn't terrible either.

Take any opportunity you can to work with Hugh Price, he is one of the smartest, most thoughtful, caring individuals I have ever met.

Interesting seminar. Professor le Roux knows a ton about healthcare in developing regions.

Highly recommend as a task force for students interested in business and finance.

For Juniors: do all of the readings, come prepared. Start early on your JP.

A fantastic experience

Take this class!

I would recommend the course, but only if you're willing to commit to studying one country for an entire semester.

Glaser is really good and hilarious. He is also very helpful. Try to take his seminar if he offers one again.

Doing a task force as a senior is a great idea, especially if it's in a topic you're interested in

Professor Price is an excellent professor and I would highly recommend any course with him.

hey, if you are choosing task forces, look for the name "Alexander Glaser".

Great topic, great professor.

Definitely take it.

Take it!

Absolutely take it. Ambassador Bodine is the greatest mentor I have been lucky enough to meet on this campus. Not only will you learn an incredible amount about the subject matter, but you will also gain a valuable counselor in all things academic and professional.

If you have a chance to take a class with Professor Price do. he is one of the most interesting people i have ever met. Friendly, knowledgeable and accessible. You could not ask for more.

Great professor to take the PTF with. I guess especially so if you are interested in pre-law.

An interesting course with a super chill professor.

An interest in education policy is a must.

I don't know that this course will be offered again. If it is, I think the most compelling reason to take it is the subject matter, which will become increasingly important for our generation. Aside from that, Professor Price is an interesting and engaging professor, and the task force format/final presentation really make this course a rewarding experience.

Get started on your work early. Use class time to bounce ideas off your peers and Dr. Pouncy. Be fully engaged and know that your peers are doing.

Professor Corcoran and Bill Stroud are great! I really enjoyed the "field trip" to schools because I had never seen a "bad" school before!

It is an extremely interesting course for those interested in post-conflict, international law and justice, and reconciliation issues.

If you're interested in education or international development, it's a great course to take.

The task force is a wonderful experience and Prof. Price was certainly a amazing professor.

Take a course with him--esp if its small and like a seminar.

Speak up in class, and encourage others to do the same.

It's a great task force on a fantastic topic.

Very open-minded and informed professor

Take it.
